You've probably seen me shifting around
You've probably seen me shifting around my dev tools over the last few years
my dev tools over the last few years
my dev tools over the last few years from Copilot to Super Maven to Cursor to
from Copilot to Super Maven to Cursor to
from Copilot to Super Maven to Cursor to Cloud Code to Codeex to the Codeex app
Cloud Code to Codeex to the Codeex app
Cloud Code to Codeex to the Codeex app and many, many more things. But I've
and many, many more things. But I've
and many, many more things. But I've noticed something about all of these
noticed something about all of these
noticed something about all of these solutions. A core problem that seems to
solutions. A core problem that seems to
solutions. A core problem that seems to be holding all of them back. You've
be holding all of them back. You've
be holding all of them back. You've probably noticed it, too, but maybe not
probably noticed it, too, but maybe not
probably noticed it, too, but maybe not in the same way that I have, or maybe
in the same way that I have, or maybe
in the same way that I have, or maybe not understood the underlying problem
not understood the underlying problem
not understood the underlying problem that's causing it. To put it frankly,
that's causing it. To put it frankly,
that's causing it. To put it frankly, they all suck. Just like they're bad. I
they all suck. Just like they're bad. I
they all suck. Just like they're bad. I come from an era where the tools we use
come from an era where the tools we use
come from an era where the tools we use were so carefully finely crafted to
were so carefully finely crafted to
were so carefully finely crafted to behave super well and I long for the
behave super well and I long for the
behave super well and I long for the days of sublime text almost every day
days of sublime text almost every day
days of sublime text almost every day where I open up cursor and watch it
where I open up cursor and watch it
where I open up cursor and watch it shift around my UI a whole bunch
shift around my UI a whole bunch
shift around my UI a whole bunch whenever I click anything and then
whenever I click anything and then
whenever I click anything and then nothing does what it's supposed to do.
nothing does what it's supposed to do.
nothing does what it's supposed to do. You'd think with all of these AI tools
You'd think with all of these AI tools
You'd think with all of these AI tools making it easier than ever to write code
making it easier than ever to write code
making it easier than ever to write code that we'd have things that work better,
that we'd have things that work better,
that we'd have things that work better, right?
right?
right? About that. That's actually the thing I
About that. That's actually the thing I
About that. That's actually the thing I really want to talk about today. The
really want to talk about today. The
really want to talk about today. The fact that all of these tools were
fact that all of these tools were
fact that all of these tools were written with these models is not an
written with these models is not an
written with these models is not an advantage. In many ways, it's a
advantage. In many ways, it's a
advantage. In many ways, it's a disadvantage. The problem with cursor,
disadvantage. The problem with cursor,
disadvantage. The problem with cursor, cloud code, codecs, and all of these
cloud code, codecs, and all of these
cloud code, codecs, and all of these other tools is that they were built with
other tools is that they were built with
other tools is that they were built with those same tools. Historically, this has
those same tools. Historically, this has
those same tools. Historically, this has been a good thing. When you write the C
been a good thing. When you write the C
been a good thing. When you write the C compiler in C, you're able to do awesome
compiler in C, you're able to do awesome
compiler in C, you're able to do awesome things. When you write the C compiler in
things. When you write the C compiler in
things. When you write the C compiler in C, it makes you a good target to dog
C, it makes you a good target to dog
C, it makes you a good target to dog food the language, and it makes the
food the language, and it makes the
food the language, and it makes the thing that you're maintaining much
thing that you're maintaining much
thing that you're maintaining much easier to maintain by the users of the
easier to maintain by the users of the
easier to maintain by the users of the thing. Generally speaking, dog fooding
thing. Generally speaking, dog fooding
thing. Generally speaking, dog fooding your stuff is good. Generally speaking,
your stuff is good. Generally speaking,
your stuff is good. Generally speaking, and now I have to drop some
and now I have to drop some
and now I have to drop some controversial takes that I don't think
controversial takes that I don't think
controversial takes that I don't think it's the right call for a lot of these
it's the right call for a lot of these
it's the right call for a lot of these companies. In fact, I think their choice
companies. In fact, I think their choice
companies. In fact, I think their choice to bet on these things as early as they
to bet on these things as early as they
to bet on these things as early as they did might be causing them a lot of
did might be causing them a lot of
did might be causing them a lot of problems. This video is going to ruffle
problems. This video is going to ruffle
problems. This video is going to ruffle some feathers and sadly many of those
some feathers and sadly many of those
some feathers and sadly many of those feathers belong to friends of mine,
feathers belong to friends of mine,
feathers belong to friends of mine, companies in my portfolio, etc. I am an
companies in my portfolio, etc. I am an
companies in my portfolio, etc. I am an early investor in cursor. I technically
early investor in cursor. I technically
early investor in cursor. I technically have something tied to anthropic. I
have something tied to anthropic. I
have something tied to anthropic. I don't really know cuz it was a scout
don't really know cuz it was a scout
don't really know cuz it was a scout check to bun that now is part of
check to bun that now is part of
check to bun that now is part of anthropic codeex I funny enough have no
anthropic codeex I funny enough have no
anthropic codeex I funny enough have no financial tie to anything open AI beyond
financial tie to anything open AI beyond
financial tie to anything open AI beyond using their stuff. So as always account
using their stuff. So as always account
using their stuff. So as always account for bias. I do my best to be transparent
for bias. I do my best to be transparent
for bias. I do my best to be transparent but I'm also about to talk about these
but I'm also about to talk about these
but I'm also about to talk about these companies in a way that is going to piss
companies in a way that is going to piss
companies in a way that is going to piss all of them off and probably get me into
all of them off and probably get me into
all of them off and probably get me into some trouble. So this is going to be
some trouble. So this is going to be
some trouble. So this is going to be fun. If all of my early investments are
fun. If all of my early investments are
fun. If all of my early investments are going to go to zero due to all the
going to go to zero due to all the
going to go to zero due to all the things I'm talking about here, I need to
things I'm talking about here, I need to
things I'm talking about here, I need to make sure we make some money. So we're
make sure we make some money. So we're
make sure we make some money. So we're going to take a quick break for today's
going to take a quick break for today's
going to take a quick break for today's sponsor before I start roasting. If
sponsor before I start roasting. If
sponsor before I start roasting. If you've been around for a while, you
you've been around for a while, you
you've been around for a while, you probably remember how much I loved
probably remember how much I loved
probably remember how much I loved today's sponsor, Augment. They were my
today's sponsor, Augment. They were my
today's sponsor, Augment. They were my favorite way to figure out what's going
favorite way to figure out what's going
favorite way to figure out what's going on in really big code bases because
on in really big code bases because
on in really big code bases because their indexing engine was incredible.
their indexing engine was incredible.
their indexing engine was incredible. But then I started using other tools and
But then I started using other tools and
But then I started using other tools and as such stopped using Augment as much.
as such stopped using Augment as much.
as such stopped using Augment as much. Can't our agents figure out what they
Can't our agents figure out what they
Can't our agents figure out what they need to know nowadays anyways? Well,
need to know nowadays anyways? Well,
need to know nowadays anyways? Well, kind of. But you don't get that absurd
kind of. But you don't get that absurd
kind of. But you don't get that absurd level of immediate responsiveness that I
level of immediate responsiveness that I
level of immediate responsiveness that I got I just fell in love with with
got I just fell in love with with
got I just fell in love with with Augment. So, they decided to put this
Augment. So, they decided to put this
Augment. So, they decided to put this out for everyone to use via a tool you
out for everyone to use via a tool you
out for everyone to use via a tool you can add to whatever agents you're using
can add to whatever agents you're using
can add to whatever agents you're using today. As you guys know, I like Codeex
today. As you guys know, I like Codeex
today. As you guys know, I like Codeex quite a bit, but has a bad habit of
quite a bit, but has a bad habit of
quite a bit, but has a bad habit of searching for ever trying to find
searching for ever trying to find
searching for ever trying to find information. Here I have the huge T3
information. Here I have the huge T3
information. Here I have the huge T3 chat codebase, and sometimes Codec can
chat codebase, and sometimes Codec can
chat codebase, and sometimes Codec can just search this forever trying to find
just search this forever trying to find
just search this forever trying to find things. Well, Augment has their own CLI
things. Well, Augment has their own CLI
things. Well, Augment has their own CLI you can use, and it's really cool. I
you can use, and it's really cool. I
you can use, and it's really cool. I just opened it and told it to index the
just opened it and told it to index the
just opened it and told it to index the codebase. Where it gets way cooler is
codebase. Where it gets way cooler is
codebase. Where it gets way cooler is when you use it in other tools. So, now
when you use it in other tools. So, now
when you use it in other tools. So, now it is indexed. Check this out. We're
it is indexed. Check this out. We're
it is indexed. Check this out. We're going to switch over to codeex. It just
going to switch over to codeex. It just
going to switch over to codeex. It just booted the MCP. Let's ask it for
booted the MCP. Let's ask it for
booted the MCP. Let's ask it for something a bit annoying. trace the
something a bit annoying. trace the
something a bit annoying. trace the logic around how subscriptions work for
logic around how subscriptions work for
logic around how subscriptions work for paying users and it immediately uses the
paying users and it immediately uses the
paying users and it immediately uses the codebase retrieval tool that is provided
codebase retrieval tool that is provided
codebase retrieval tool that is provided by augment. This tool is weirdly capable
by augment. This tool is weirdly capable
by augment. This tool is weirdly capable of finding exactly what you need and
of finding exactly what you need and
of finding exactly what you need and almost nothing else. See how quickly it
almost nothing else. See how quickly it
almost nothing else. See how quickly it found all of this. This is real time.
found all of this. This is real time.
found all of this. This is real time. We're under 20 seconds in. This would
We're under 20 seconds in. This would
We're under 20 seconds in. This would have taken codeex like 5 to 10 minutes
have taken codeex like 5 to 10 minutes
have taken codeex like 5 to 10 minutes before and possibly wouldn't have been
before and possibly wouldn't have been
before and possibly wouldn't have been as accurate because it might have missed
as accurate because it might have missed
as accurate because it might have missed things that were related. Indexing your
things that were related. Indexing your
things that were related. Indexing your codebase makes it possible to find
codebase makes it possible to find
codebase makes it possible to find related information that doesn't come up
related information that doesn't come up
related information that doesn't come up via GP, and the results end up
via GP, and the results end up
via GP, and the results end up consistently being way better than I
consistently being way better than I
consistently being way better than I would have expected for the exact same
would have expected for the exact same
would have expected for the exact same prompt. Working on a small codebase or a
prompt. Working on a small codebase or a
prompt. Working on a small codebase or a small project, this isn't going to be a
small project, this isn't going to be a
small project, this isn't going to be a groundbreaking thing. But for those of
groundbreaking thing. But for those of
groundbreaking thing. But for those of us that rotate between small and big
us that rotate between small and big
us that rotate between small and big code bases, it makes them both feel
code bases, it makes them both feel
code bases, it makes them both feel almost identical to work in, which is a
almost identical to work in, which is a
almost identical to work in, which is a magical unlock for those of us building
magical unlock for those of us building
magical unlock for those of us building bigger and bigger things. Augment always
bigger and bigger things. Augment always
bigger and bigger things. Augment always felt like they understood enterprise and
felt like they understood enterprise and
felt like they understood enterprise and big business work better than the
big business work better than the
big business work better than the competition and have never felt it more
competition and have never felt it more
competition and have never felt it more than I have using the context engine in
than I have using the context engine in
than I have using the context engine in other tools. If you feel like your
other tools. If you feel like your
other tools. If you feel like your agents don't understand your codebase,
agents don't understand your codebase,
agents don't understand your codebase, fix that now at soyv.link/ augment. So
fix that now at soyv.link/ augment. So
fix that now at soyv.link/ augment. So if we want to explain really simply the
if we want to explain really simply the
if we want to explain really simply the problem with cursor cloud code and
problem with cursor cloud code and
problem with cursor cloud code and codecs, simple. They suck to use.
codecs, simple. They suck to use.
codecs, simple. They suck to use. They're super inconsistent. Not just
They're super inconsistent. Not just
They're super inconsistent. Not just because the models are
because the models are
because the models are non-deterministic, but because the
non-deterministic, but because the
non-deterministic, but because the actual code that you're relying on is
actual code that you're relying on is
actual code that you're relying on is really bad. They change every day and in
really bad. They change every day and in
really bad. They change every day and in ways that are obnoxious. One of the most
ways that are obnoxious. One of the most
ways that are obnoxious. One of the most common comments I get on my videos is,
common comments I get on my videos is,
common comments I get on my videos is, "How do you get the agent and editor
"How do you get the agent and editor
"How do you get the agent and editor tabs on the navbar in Cursor?" If you're
tabs on the navbar in Cursor?" If you're
tabs on the navbar in Cursor?" If you're not familiar, Cursor had this wonderful
not familiar, Cursor had this wonderful
not familiar, Cursor had this wonderful agents editor tab toggle in the corner
agents editor tab toggle in the corner
agents editor tab toggle in the corner here where you could switch between an
here where you could switch between an
here where you could switch between an agent mode where you were just looking
agent mode where you were just looking
agent mode where you were just looking at and managing the agents and the
at and managing the agents and the
at and managing the agents and the editor was secondary and the traditional
editor was secondary and the traditional
editor was secondary and the traditional editor mode that we all expect something
editor mode that we all expect something
editor mode that we all expect something like cursor to be. I loved this and I
like cursor to be. I loved this and I
like cursor to be. I loved this and I switch behind them all the time. I would
switch behind them all the time. I would
switch behind them all the time. I would spend most of my time in the agent mode
spend most of my time in the agent mode
spend most of my time in the agent mode and then switch to the editor mode when
and then switch to the editor mode when
and then switch to the editor mode when I really wanted to dig into the code.
I really wanted to dig into the code.
I really wanted to dig into the code. Soon after this launch, and this was the
Soon after this launch, and this was the
Soon after this launch, and this was the cursor 2.0 launch, I went to the cursor
cursor 2.0 launch, I went to the cursor
cursor 2.0 launch, I went to the cursor office to talk about a lot of the
office to talk about a lot of the
office to talk about a lot of the problems I was having. I was like this
problems I was having. I was like this
problems I was having. I was like this close to what was going to be the cursor
close to what was going to be the cursor
close to what was going to be the cursor crash out video. I ended up ranting a
crash out video. I ended up ranting a
crash out video. I ended up ranting a lot about my problems with cursor. It
lot about my problems with cursor. It
lot about my problems with cursor. It went kind of viral on Twitter. They had
went kind of viral on Twitter. They had
went kind of viral on Twitter. They had me to the office. They sweet talked me.
me to the office. They sweet talked me.
me to the office. They sweet talked me. They bought me some chocolate. Told me
They bought me some chocolate. Told me
They bought me some chocolate. Told me things that I'm still horrified about to
things that I'm still horrified about to
things that I'm still horrified about to this day. And then I walked off. They
this day. And then I walked off. They
this day. And then I walked off. They have made progress since. But one of the
have made progress since. But one of the
have made progress since. But one of the things they told me that I told them
things they told me that I told them
things they told me that I told them this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible and stupid and
this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible and stupid and
this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] terrible and stupid and you should not do this is they decided
you should not do this is they decided
you should not do this is they decided they were going to remove the agent
they were going to remove the agent
they were going to remove the agent editor toggle in favor of letting people
editor toggle in favor of letting people
editor toggle in favor of letting people customize it more. So instead of that,
customize it more. So instead of that,
customize it more. So instead of that, we now have all these fun buttons, these
we now have all these fun buttons, these
we now have all these fun buttons, these toggles, the change layout, which
toggles, the change layout, which
toggles, the change layout, which underneath has the agent and editor
underneath has the agent and editor
underneath has the agent and editor layout, but those aren't things you
layout, but those aren't things you
layout, but those aren't things you toggle between. Those are default
toggle between. Those are default
toggle between. Those are default template starting points for how you
template starting points for how you
template starting points for how you might want to configure your editor. And
might want to configure your editor. And
might want to configure your editor. And now everything's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. I
now everything's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. I
now everything's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broken. I switch to editor mode. I switch to agent
switch to editor mode. I switch to agent
switch to editor mode. I switch to agent mode. The sidebars change where they
mode. The sidebars change where they
mode. The sidebars change where they are. So here the sidebar for the agent
are. So here the sidebar for the agent
are. So here the sidebar for the agent stuff is on the left. When I switch to
stuff is on the left. When I switch to
stuff is on the left. When I switch to the agent mode, it ends up moving to the
the agent mode, it ends up moving to the
the agent mode, it ends up moving to the right. There was a hotkey to toggle
right. There was a hotkey to toggle
right. There was a hotkey to toggle between these things before. I think
between these things before. I think
between these things before. I think they changed it. But now when I do
they changed it. But now when I do
they changed it. But now when I do almost any of the things I did before,
almost any of the things I did before,
almost any of the things I did before, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of course I leak my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of course I leak my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of course I leak my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] email. The fact there's a one-click leak
email. The fact there's a one-click leak
email. The fact there's a one-click leak email button in the editor is enough of
email button in the editor is enough of
email button in the editor is enough of a reason for me to curse them out. What
a reason for me to curse them out. What
a reason for me to curse them out. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cursor.
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cursor.
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cursor. I don't think there's any product that
I don't think there's any product that
I don't think there's any product that has caused me to leak my email more than
has caused me to leak my email more than
has caused me to leak my email more than [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cursor has. I'm very thankful I
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cursor has. I'm very thankful I
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cursor has. I'm very thankful I use my GitHub email and not one that
use my GitHub email and not one that
use my GitHub email and not one that actually matters because it's leaked in
actually matters because it's leaked in
actually matters because it's leaked in half the times I've opened the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
half the times I've opened the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
half the times I've opened the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] app. You see what's happening? I'm
app. You see what's happening? I'm
app. You see what's happening? I'm trying to not crash out at Cursor both
trying to not crash out at Cursor both
trying to not crash out at Cursor both because I'm an investor and because I'm
because I'm an investor and because I'm
because I'm an investor and because I'm afraid of the company and also just cuz
afraid of the company and also just cuz
afraid of the company and also just cuz Crash Out content isn't my favorite
Crash Out content isn't my favorite
Crash Out content isn't my favorite thing to do. But half the time I open
thing to do. But half the time I open
thing to do. But half the time I open this editor pisses me off. Just being
this editor pisses me off. Just being
this editor pisses me off. Just being real. It It is falling the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] apart.
real. It It is falling the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] apart.
real. It It is falling the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] apart. It's bad. Regardless, the thing I'm
It's bad. Regardless, the thing I'm
It's bad. Regardless, the thing I'm trying to say is the feature that was in
trying to say is the feature that was in
trying to say is the feature that was in my video that people liked enough that
my video that people liked enough that
my video that people liked enough that they're asking for it in the comment
they're asking for it in the comment
they're asking for it in the comment section just got deprecated for no
section just got deprecated for no
section just got deprecated for no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason at all. There's no reason
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason at all. There's no reason
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reason at all. There's no reason to have removed the agent editor toggle.
to have removed the agent editor toggle.
to have removed the agent editor toggle. I think it is dumb that they did that. I
I think it is dumb that they did that. I
I think it is dumb that they did that. I told them in the office it was stupid
told them in the office it was stupid
told them in the office it was stupid that they were doing that. They did it
that they were doing that. They did it
that they were doing that. They did it anyways. And now I get questions all the
anyways. And now I get questions all the
anyways. And now I get questions all the time like, "Where's that button? That
time like, "Where's that button? That
time like, "Where's that button? That seems really useful." I agree. It was
seems really useful." I agree. It was
seems really useful." I agree. It was really useful. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. They
really useful. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. They
really useful. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. They removed it.
removed it.
removed it. Okay, calm down. Stop just raging at
Okay, calm down. Stop just raging at
Okay, calm down. Stop just raging at cursor. command Q and go back to VS Code
cursor. command Q and go back to VS Code
cursor. command Q and go back to VS Code for now. Please cursor, let me switch
for now. Please cursor, let me switch
for now. Please cursor, let me switch back. I want to, you know, I want to.
back. I want to, you know, I want to.
back. I want to, you know, I want to. You gave me a bunch of credit to
You gave me a bunch of credit to
You gave me a bunch of credit to incentivize that I use it. And I still
incentivize that I use it. And I still
incentivize that I use it. And I still don't because I don't like using your
don't because I don't like using your
don't because I don't like using your editor right now. I use cursor in the
editor right now. I use cursor in the
editor right now. I use cursor in the browser more than I use it in the
browser more than I use it in the
browser more than I use it in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] IDE at this point.
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] IDE at this point.
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] IDE at this point. Anyways, if you thought my cursor
Anyways, if you thought my cursor
Anyways, if you thought my cursor crashes were bad, wait till we start
crashes were bad, wait till we start
crashes were bad, wait till we start talking about claude code. Oh man, the
talking about claude code. Oh man, the
talking about claude code. Oh man, the fact that a CLI has even more
fact that a CLI has even more
fact that a CLI has even more non-deterministic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behavior than
non-deterministic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behavior than
non-deterministic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] behavior than a fork of a giant app like VS Code. Like
a fork of a giant app like VS Code. Like
a fork of a giant app like VS Code. Like like just seriously imagine this.
like just seriously imagine this.
like just seriously imagine this. Imagine 5 years ago somebody told you
Imagine 5 years ago somebody told you
Imagine 5 years ago somebody told you that they were moving away from idees
that they were moving away from idees
that they were moving away from idees and towards CLI because they wanted
and towards CLI because they wanted
and towards CLI because they wanted something simpler and less buggy and you
something simpler and less buggy and you
something simpler and less buggy and you had to sadly respond to them, "Sorry
had to sadly respond to them, "Sorry
had to sadly respond to them, "Sorry about that. The CLI are actually more
about that. The CLI are actually more
about that. The CLI are actually more buggy." And they just stare at you like,
buggy." And they just stare at you like,
buggy." And they just stare at you like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you just say? The CLI
"What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you just say? The CLI
"What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you just say? The CLI is more buggy. What? How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do we
is more buggy. What? How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do we
is more buggy. What? How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do we get here? Obviously, something like
get here? Obviously, something like
get here? Obviously, something like pasting images is not going to be the
pasting images is not going to be the
pasting images is not going to be the most consistent thing in the world in a
most consistent thing in the world in a
most consistent thing in the world in a terminal UI, but the fact that it is so
terminal UI, but the fact that it is so
terminal UI, but the fact that it is so non-deterministic and broken is absurd.
non-deterministic and broken is absurd.
non-deterministic and broken is absurd. It's absurd enough that it caused me to
It's absurd enough that it caused me to
It's absurd enough that it caused me to just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lose my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on stream last
just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lose my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on stream last
just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lose my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on stream last week. It just took so long. There are so
week. It just took so long. There are so
week. It just took so long. There are so many things with cloud code that are
many things with cloud code that are
many things with cloud code that are driving me mad. What just happened
driving me mad. What just happened
driving me mad. What just happened there? because you don't know what keys
there? because you don't know what keys
there? because you don't know what keys I was pressing. When you paste an image
I was pressing. When you paste an image
I was pressing. When you paste an image in cloud code, it takes time and the
in cloud code, it takes time and the
in cloud code, it takes time and the images are often big enough that it has
images are often big enough that it has
images are often big enough that it has to run local compression before
to run local compression before
to run local compression before uploading it to their server. It doesn't
uploading it to their server. It doesn't
uploading it to their server. It doesn't block the input when that happens and it
block the input when that happens and it
block the input when that happens and it doesn't show you that anything's
doesn't show you that anything's
doesn't show you that anything's happening. So, I just submitted a
happening. So, I just submitted a
happening. So, I just submitted a message while it was waiting for the
message while it was waiting for the
message while it was waiting for the image to attach. It submitted without
image to attach. It submitted without
image to attach. It submitted without the image attached because it doesn't
the image attached because it doesn't
the image attached because it doesn't block or wait until it's done. We even
block or wait until it's done. We even
block or wait until it's done. We even figured this out with T3 chat in our
figured this out with T3 chat in our
figured this out with T3 chat in our first month. And then when it was done,
first month. And then when it was done,
first month. And then when it was done, it wasn't there. It didn't even show it
it wasn't there. It didn't even show it
it wasn't there. It didn't even show it in the little section on top here. So I
in the little section on top here. So I
in the little section on top here. So I repasted it and sent it. And when I sent
repasted it and sent it. And when I sent
repasted it and sent it. And when I sent the follow-up, it are you kidding.
the follow-up, it are you kidding.
the follow-up, it are you kidding. Literally, while I am explaining this,
Literally, while I am explaining this,
Literally, while I am explaining this, it just failed to compact. I I do not
it just failed to compact. I I do not
it just failed to compact. I I do not get how anyone does serious work in
get how anyone does serious work in
get how anyone does serious work in cloud code. It is not a serious
cloud code. It is not a serious
cloud code. It is not a serious application. It is
application. It is
application. It is what the hell is going on? This model,
what the hell is going on? This model,
what the hell is going on? This model, this harness, this ecosystem feels like
this harness, this ecosystem feels like
this harness, this ecosystem feels like it is burning. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's the
it is burning. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's the
it is burning. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's the moment I decided I had to do this video.
moment I decided I had to do this video.
moment I decided I had to do this video. I still feel rage from that one. The
I still feel rage from that one. The
I still feel rage from that one. The amount of things that went wrong there.
amount of things that went wrong there.
amount of things that went wrong there. First off, pasting an image didn't block
First off, pasting an image didn't block
First off, pasting an image didn't block the input. So, I accidentally submitted
the input. So, I accidentally submitted
the input. So, I accidentally submitted without the image. But, it turns out if
without the image. But, it turns out if
without the image. But, it turns out if you submit a message while the image is
you submit a message while the image is
you submit a message while the image is still processing, it will silently be
still processing, it will silently be
still processing, it will silently be attached to the next thing you sent. So,
attached to the next thing you sent. So,
attached to the next thing you sent. So, I pasted a second image accidentally
I pasted a second image accidentally
I pasted a second image accidentally because I wanted the model to know what
because I wanted the model to know what
because I wanted the model to know what the UI looked like. So, I pasted the
the UI looked like. So, I pasted the
the UI looked like. So, I pasted the screenshot again. It showed me I had one
screenshot again. It showed me I had one
screenshot again. It showed me I had one attachment. I sent it now has two.
attachment. I sent it now has two.
attachment. I sent it now has two. Obnoxious. I went to go demonstrate
Obnoxious. I went to go demonstrate
Obnoxious. I went to go demonstrate this, pasted a third image, and before I
this, pasted a third image, and before I
this, pasted a third image, and before I could even send it, I hit the context
could even send it, I hit the context
could even send it, I hit the context limit because it failed to correctly
limit because it failed to correctly
limit because it failed to correctly compress the other image because of the
compress the other image because of the
compress the other image because of the weird race condition that existed. And
weird race condition that existed. And
weird race condition that existed. And as a result, the thread was dead. There
as a result, the thread was dead. There
as a result, the thread was dead. There was no reviving this thread. The work
was no reviving this thread. The work
was no reviving this thread. The work was gone. It just it died. It's over.
was gone. It just it died. It's over.
was gone. It just it died. It's over. It's done. When was the last time you
It's done. When was the last time you
It's done. When was the last time you used a dev tool that wasn't some crazy
used a dev tool that wasn't some crazy
used a dev tool that wasn't some crazy AI crap that like one little bug in the
AI crap that like one little bug in the
AI crap that like one little bug in the UI could just throw away that whole path
UI could just throw away that whole path
UI could just throw away that whole path of work and force you to restart from
of work and force you to restart from
of work and force you to restart from scratch? It's meme tier. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
scratch? It's meme tier. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
scratch? It's meme tier. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] meme tier. I actually cannot fathom that
meme tier. I actually cannot fathom that
meme tier. I actually cannot fathom that this is how we are writing code every
this is how we are writing code every
this is how we are writing code every day now. It is absurd. Like the anti-I
day now. It is absurd. Like the anti-I
day now. It is absurd. Like the anti-I people should not be talking about like
people should not be talking about like
people should not be talking about like how I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] co-pilot sucks
how I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] co-pilot sucks
how I don't know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] co-pilot sucks or whatever the hell they're bitching
or whatever the hell they're bitching
or whatever the hell they're bitching about. Just come use the tools and then
about. Just come use the tools and then
about. Just come use the tools and then talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this and not even the
talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this and not even the
talk [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on this and not even the performance. Like the performance is
performance. Like the performance is
performance. Like the performance is unacceptable. We'll get to that. But the
unacceptable. We'll get to that. But the
unacceptable. We'll get to that. But the the state of the UX, the lack of
the state of the UX, the lack of
the state of the UX, the lack of consistency, the the fact that it just
consistency, the the fact that it just
consistency, the the fact that it just it feels like I'm the only person using
it feels like I'm the only person using
it feels like I'm the only person using it because I don't see anyone else
it because I don't see anyone else
it because I don't see anyone else bitching about these things. It's so
bitching about these things. It's so
bitching about these things. It's so bad. I have yet to have an experience
bad. I have yet to have an experience
bad. I have yet to have an experience with Claude code that didn't feel like
with Claude code that didn't feel like
with Claude code that didn't feel like they were forcing an old broken UI into
they were forcing an old broken UI into
they were forcing an old broken UI into the terminal with all sorts of
the terminal with all sorts of
the terminal with all sorts of nondeterministic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The worst
nondeterministic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The worst
nondeterministic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The worst part isn't that it fails all the time.
part isn't that it fails all the time.
part isn't that it fails all the time. It's that it never fails the same way
It's that it never fails the same way
It's that it never fails the same way twice. It's a slot fest. And that's the
twice. It's a slot fest. And that's the
twice. It's a slot fest. And that's the theme I want to drive home here. All of
theme I want to drive home here. All of
theme I want to drive home here. All of these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tools committed to vibe
these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tools committed to vibe
these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tools committed to vibe coding way too hard way too early. And
coding way too hard way too early. And
coding way too hard way too early. And sure, vibe coding is a slur, whatever.
sure, vibe coding is a slur, whatever.
sure, vibe coding is a slur, whatever. We all have our terms we like to use.
We all have our terms we like to use.
We all have our terms we like to use. What I'm referring to here is letting go
What I'm referring to here is letting go
What I'm referring to here is letting go a bit and letting the agent do its
a bit and letting the agent do its
a bit and letting the agent do its thing. Steering less, coding more, and
thing. Steering less, coding more, and
thing. Steering less, coding more, and being a little too willing to accept the
being a little too willing to accept the
being a little too willing to accept the code that the agent made. You can say
code that the agent made. You can say
code that the agent made. You can say I'm exaggerating about this here that
I'm exaggerating about this here that
I'm exaggerating about this here that there's no way that they actually vibe
there's no way that they actually vibe
there's no way that they actually vibe coded Cloud Code. Want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bet
coded Cloud Code. Want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bet
coded Cloud Code. Want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bet within anthropic? Claude code is quickly
within anthropic? Claude code is quickly
within anthropic? Claude code is quickly becoming another tool we can't do
becoming another tool we can't do
becoming another tool we can't do without. Engineers and researchers
without. Engineers and researchers
without. Engineers and researchers across the company use it for everything
across the company use it for everything
across the company use it for everything from major code refactors to squashing
from major code refactors to squashing
from major code refactors to squashing commits to generally handling the toil
commits to generally handling the toil
commits to generally handling the toil of coding. This was in February 24th.
of coding. This was in February 24th.
of coding. This was in February 24th. Wait, it's not February 24th. Oh,
Wait, it's not February 24th. Oh,
Wait, it's not February 24th. Oh, February 24th of last [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] year when
February 24th of last [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] year when
February 24th of last [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] year when the best model available was Sonnet 37.
the best model available was Sonnet 37.
the best model available was Sonnet 37. They were already using Claude Code for
They were already using Claude Code for
They were already using Claude Code for the majority of their work on Sonnet 3
the majority of their work on Sonnet 3
the majority of their work on Sonnet 3 fucking7. That's the problem here.
fucking7. That's the problem here.
fucking7. That's the problem here. Sonnet 37 was a very impressive model.
Sonnet 37 was a very impressive model.
Sonnet 37 was a very impressive model. It was able to do tool calls reliably.
It was able to do tool calls reliably.
It was able to do tool calls reliably. It was meaningfully smarter than 3.5. It
It was meaningfully smarter than 3.5. It
It was meaningfully smarter than 3.5. It could do some little UI fixes in ways
could do some little UI fixes in ways
could do some little UI fixes in ways that were better than before. Maybe,
that were better than before. Maybe,
that were better than before. Maybe, just maybe, if your merge conflict was
just maybe, if your merge conflict was
just maybe, if your merge conflict was simple enough, it could help you resolve
simple enough, it could help you resolve
simple enough, it could help you resolve it. Maybe, you cannot build a serious
it. Maybe, you cannot build a serious
it. Maybe, you cannot build a serious application with Sonnet 3 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 7.
application with Sonnet 3 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 7.
application with Sonnet 3 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 7. Let's be real here. This is the thing I
Let's be real here. This is the thing I
Let's be real here. This is the thing I want to emphasize.
want to emphasize.
want to emphasize. They committed to using AI to code too
They committed to using AI to code too
They committed to using AI to code too early because they wanted to build
early because they wanted to build
early because they wanted to build things using AI, using the tools they
things using AI, using the tools they
things using AI, using the tools they were making to maximize the chance that
were making to maximize the chance that
were making to maximize the chance that they would make something good. Both so
they would make something good. Both so
they would make something good. Both so they could iterate faster, but also
they could iterate faster, but also
they could iterate faster, but also because they wanted to commit to using
because they wanted to commit to using
because they wanted to commit to using AI for things as they're building tools
AI for things as they're building tools
AI for things as they're building tools to use AI for things. And what resulted
to use AI for things. And what resulted
to use AI for things. And what resulted is a total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slopfest. To better
is a total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slopfest. To better
is a total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] slopfest. To better explain this, cuz I know a lot of you
explain this, cuz I know a lot of you
explain this, cuz I know a lot of you guys have not had traditional jobs. And
guys have not had traditional jobs. And
guys have not had traditional jobs. And even for those who have, you probably
even for those who have, you probably
even for those who have, you probably were brought into a giant codebase that
were brought into a giant codebase that
were brought into a giant codebase that has already existed for years. The way
has already existed for years. The way
has already existed for years. The way that code bases work over time is very
that code bases work over time is very
that code bases work over time is very interesting. If we do this as a very
interesting. If we do this as a very
interesting. If we do this as a very very vague quality over time, the way
very vague quality over time, the way
very vague quality over time, the way that working in a codebase tends to work
that working in a codebase tends to work
that working in a codebase tends to work is this. Initially, it does like okay,
is this. Initially, it does like okay,
is this. Initially, it does like okay, it quickly has like a nice place. It
it quickly has like a nice place. It
it quickly has like a nice place. It goes down a bit, you care more, you
goes down a bit, you care more, you
goes down a bit, you care more, you restore it, but eventually you hit a
restore it, but eventually you hit a
restore it, but eventually you hit a plateau and it stops improving. And when
plateau and it stops improving. And when
plateau and it stops improving. And when I say quality here, I mean a lot of
I say quality here, I mean a lot of
I say quality here, I mean a lot of different things. I mean the quality of
different things. I mean the quality of
different things. I mean the quality of the experience users are providing. I
the experience users are providing. I
the experience users are providing. I mean the quality of the patterns that
mean the quality of the patterns that
mean the quality of the patterns that exist in the codebase that we're relying
exist in the codebase that we're relying
exist in the codebase that we're relying on. I mean things like the packages
on. I mean things like the packages
on. I mean things like the packages you're using and what versions you're on
you're using and what versions you're on
you're using and what versions you're on of them. I mean the likelihood that
of them. I mean the likelihood that
of them. I mean the likelihood that you'll ever upgrade the package in the
you'll ever upgrade the package in the
you'll ever upgrade the package in the first place. If I init a new project and
first place. If I init a new project and
first place. If I init a new project and I'm on React 19 and a month later React
I'm on React 19 and a month later React
I'm on React 19 and a month later React 20 comes out, I'm probably going to
20 comes out, I'm probably going to
20 comes out, I'm probably going to update. If I've been using that codebase
update. If I've been using that codebase
update. If I've been using that codebase for 4 years and React 20 comes out, I'm
for 4 years and React 20 comes out, I'm
for 4 years and React 20 comes out, I'm much less likely to update. Codebase
much less likely to update. Codebase
much less likely to update. Codebase inertia is real. Every codebase has a
inertia is real. Every codebase has a
inertia is real. Every codebase has a point in time where the quality of
point in time where the quality of
point in time where the quality of working in it stops improving and it
working in it stops improving and it
working in it stops improving and it stops being a focus of the team. The
stops being a focus of the team. The
stops being a focus of the team. The amount of time it takes to get there can
amount of time it takes to get there can
amount of time it takes to get there can vary a lot based on different things. I
vary a lot based on different things. I
vary a lot based on different things. I would argue generally speaking 3 to 6
would argue generally speaking 3 to 6
would argue generally speaking 3 to 6 months of focused effort from the team
months of focused effort from the team
months of focused effort from the team is what you get and at that point the
is what you get and at that point the
is what you get and at that point the quality of the codebase is the the bar
quality of the codebase is the the bar
quality of the codebase is the the bar that you're going to hit. Like things
that you're going to hit. Like things
that you're going to hit. Like things can get worse. Absolutely. Believe me,
can get worse. Absolutely. Believe me,
can get worse. Absolutely. Believe me, things will always get worse. But the
things will always get worse. But the
things will always get worse. But the quality of your codebase 6 months in is
quality of your codebase 6 months in is
quality of your codebase 6 months in is the best it will ever be. If you don't
the best it will ever be. If you don't
the best it will ever be. If you don't have the codebase exactly how you want
have the codebase exactly how you want
have the codebase exactly how you want it and working in the way that you want
it and working in the way that you want
it and working in the way that you want to work in it at the 6-month mark, it
to work in it at the 6-month mark, it
to work in it at the 6-month mark, it will be a downhill ride and you will
will be a downhill ride and you will
will be a downhill ride and you will never see the light again. And I think
never see the light again. And I think
never see the light again. And I think that's what's happened to a shitload of
that's what's happened to a shitload of
that's what's happened to a shitload of these projects. If the 6-month mark was
these projects. If the 6-month mark was
these projects. If the 6-month mark was a pile of vibecoded slop that you wrote
a pile of vibecoded slop that you wrote
a pile of vibecoded slop that you wrote with Sonnet 35 and 37, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
with Sonnet 35 and 37, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
with Sonnet 35 and 37, you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's not going to get better. And this
It's not going to get better. And this
It's not going to get better. And this is the problem. A lot of these projects
is the problem. A lot of these projects
is the problem. A lot of these projects are no longer months in. They're now
are no longer months in. They're now
are no longer months in. They're now many years in. Claude Code is roughly a
many years in. Claude Code is roughly a
many years in. Claude Code is roughly a year and three or so months in. And it
year and three or so months in. And it
year and three or so months in. And it was really good for those first 6
was really good for those first 6
was really good for those first 6 months. It felt like it was improving
months. It felt like it was improving
months. It felt like it was improving consistently up until I don't know,
consistently up until I don't know,
consistently up until I don't know, Augustish, September maybe. And now I've
Augustish, September maybe. And now I've
Augustish, September maybe. And now I've just felt the downward trend as it gets
just felt the downward trend as it gets
just felt the downward trend as it gets buggier, as it gets slower. It's now at
buggier, as it gets slower. It's now at
buggier, as it gets slower. It's now at the point where I'll just I'll show you
the point where I'll just I'll show you
the point where I'll just I'll show you my favorite one here. I'm just going to
my favorite one here. I'm just going to
my favorite one here. I'm just going to open Claude Code and I'm going to
open Claude Code and I'm going to
open Claude Code and I'm going to immediately start typing. This is me.
immediately start typing. This is me.
immediately start typing. This is me. Okay, it wasn't that bad that time. Half
Okay, it wasn't that bad that time. Half
Okay, it wasn't that bad that time. Half the time when I open Cloud Code, it
the time when I open Cloud Code, it
the time when I open Cloud Code, it doesn't actually start recognizing my
doesn't actually start recognizing my
doesn't actually start recognizing my inputs until I'm a word or two words in.
inputs until I'm a word or two words in.
inputs until I'm a word or two words in. How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a CLI app locking the
How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a CLI app locking the
How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a CLI app locking the input box? This happening on the web was
input box? This happening on the web was
input box? This happening on the web was a meme that kind of destroyed the web's
a meme that kind of destroyed the web's
a meme that kind of destroyed the web's reputation. The idea that your keys
reputation. The idea that your keys
reputation. The idea that your keys would be sticky, it would take too long
would be sticky, it would take too long
would be sticky, it would take too long to start showing you the changes. And
to start showing you the changes. And
to start showing you the changes. And now we have it in our terminals. Like,
now we have it in our terminals. Like,
now we have it in our terminals. Like, what? Ah, apparently open code's bad
what? Ah, apparently open code's bad
what? Ah, apparently open code's bad about this, too. Let's try typing.
about this, too. Let's try typing.
about this, too. Let's try typing. Typing. Wow, I got to type a lot before
Typing. Wow, I got to type a lot before
Typing. Wow, I got to type a lot before I started recognizing characters. Here's
I started recognizing characters. Here's
I started recognizing characters. Here's what we'll do. I'm just going to run my
what we'll do. I'm just going to run my
what we'll do. I'm just going to run my finger like 1 to 10.
I got all the way to the end
I got all the way to the end and it still wasn't recognizing inputs.
and it still wasn't recognizing inputs.
and it still wasn't recognizing inputs. That is pretty hilarious. That's what
That is pretty hilarious. That's what
That is pretty hilarious. That's what you get for getting out of that mode.
you get for getting out of that mode.
you get for getting out of that mode. They just did the database migration, so
They just did the database migration, so
They just did the database migration, so that's cool. So, let's try one last
that's cool. So, let's try one last
that's cool. So, let's try one last time.
time.
time. Okay, got to eight and nine. Yeah,
Okay, got to eight and nine. Yeah,
Okay, got to eight and nine. Yeah, insanity. Uh, how do we get here? I do
insanity. Uh, how do we get here? I do
insanity. Uh, how do we get here? I do sympathize for the cursor team a bit
sympathize for the cursor team a bit
sympathize for the cursor team a bit because they started with one of the
because they started with one of the
because they started with one of the most complex giant code bases and none
most complex giant code bases and none
most complex giant code bases and none of their engineers had worked on it
of their engineers had worked on it
of their engineers had worked on it before because they forked VS Code. That
before because they forked VS Code. That
before because they forked VS Code. That is a genuine difficult challenge. Taking
is a genuine difficult challenge. Taking
is a genuine difficult challenge. Taking something as big as VS Code and making
something as big as VS Code and making
something as big as VS Code and making meaningful changes and having to
meaningful changes and having to
meaningful changes and having to maintain it over time while also making
maintain it over time while also making
maintain it over time while also making sure to bring in whatever is needed from
sure to bring in whatever is needed from
sure to bring in whatever is needed from the actual OG codebase when things are
the actual OG codebase when things are
the actual OG codebase when things are being upstreamed. That sucks. It's real
being upstreamed. That sucks. It's real
being upstreamed. That sucks. It's real difficult maintenance work and they've
difficult maintenance work and they've
difficult maintenance work and they've now diverged so far from the original
now diverged so far from the original
now diverged so far from the original that bringing things in is basically
that bringing things in is basically
that bringing things in is basically nonviable. And honestly, it might be
nonviable. And honestly, it might be
nonviable. And honestly, it might be time to cut ties with that codebase. I
time to cut ties with that codebase. I
time to cut ties with that codebase. I think it, as crazy as it sounds,
think it, as crazy as it sounds,
think it, as crazy as it sounds, considering how many hundreds of
considering how many hundreds of
considering how many hundreds of engineers have had working on it for
engineers have had working on it for
engineers have had working on it for years, it might be better to wipe their
years, it might be better to wipe their
years, it might be better to wipe their hands clean and start from scratch.
hands clean and start from scratch.
hands clean and start from scratch. Maybe bring the harness over and nothing
Maybe bring the harness over and nothing
Maybe bring the harness over and nothing else. I don't know. I'm not in the
else. I don't know. I'm not in the
else. I don't know. I'm not in the codebase. I don't know how it works. All
codebase. I don't know how it works. All
codebase. I don't know how it works. All I know is that it sucks to use. Cloud
I know is that it sucks to use. Cloud
I know is that it sucks to use. Cloud code is no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] excuse. Cloud Code
code is no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] excuse. Cloud Code
code is no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] excuse. Cloud Code was the start from scratch. But now,
was the start from scratch. But now,
was the start from scratch. But now, because the team insists that 100% of
because the team insists that 100% of
because the team insists that 100% of Cloud Code's code is written by Cloud
Cloud Code's code is written by Cloud
Cloud Code's code is written by Cloud Code, the slop fest continues to the
Code, the slop fest continues to the
Code, the slop fest continues to the point where it's easier to buy their
point where it's easier to buy their
point where it's easier to buy their core dependency of Bun and hope it can
core dependency of Bun and hope it can
core dependency of Bun and hope it can fix the hellish performance issues
fix the hellish performance issues
fix the hellish performance issues they've caused for themselves than it is
they've caused for themselves than it is
they've caused for themselves than it is to just unfuck what they've done. Can
to just unfuck what they've done. Can
to just unfuck what they've done. Can Can we take a moment to appreciate the
Can we take a moment to appreciate the
Can we take a moment to appreciate the level of absurdity there? spending an
level of absurdity there? spending an
level of absurdity there? spending an absurd amount of money to buy one of the
absurd amount of money to buy one of the
absurd amount of money to buy one of the most talented native developers in the
most talented native developers in the
most talented native developers in the industry and his team building a
industry and his team building a
industry and his team building a JavaScript runtime in Zigg so they can
JavaScript runtime in Zigg so they can
JavaScript runtime in Zigg so they can make things more performant. Acquiring
make things more performant. Acquiring
make things more performant. Acquiring that just to try and hopefully maybe
that just to try and hopefully maybe
that just to try and hopefully maybe make your CLI tool not use 2 gigs of
make your CLI tool not use 2 gigs of
make your CLI tool not use 2 gigs of RAM. What?
RAM. What?
RAM. What? How are we here? Like the meme isn't,
How are we here? Like the meme isn't,
How are we here? Like the meme isn't, oh, they used React and React's bad. The
oh, they used React and React's bad. The
oh, they used React and React's bad. The meme is that they vibe coded the whole
meme is that they vibe coded the whole
meme is that they vibe coded the whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing and now they're in a pile
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing and now they're in a pile
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing and now they're in a pile of slop.
of slop.
of slop. So what do we have so far? Codebase
So what do we have so far? Codebase
So what do we have so far? Codebase inertia is real. You will not top the
inertia is real. You will not top the
inertia is real. You will not top the quality of your codebase 6 months in for
quality of your codebase 6 months in for
quality of your codebase 6 months in for the rest of the time that codebase
the rest of the time that codebase
the rest of the time that codebase exists. And everybody who bet on these
exists. And everybody who bet on these
exists. And everybody who bet on these models early models like Sonnet 35, the
models early models like Sonnet 35, the
models early models like Sonnet 35, the old GBT models, all of these early
old GBT models, all of these early
old GBT models, all of these early models you use for code, all of them
models you use for code, all of them
models you use for code, all of them sloppy their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so fast that there is
sloppy their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so fast that there is
sloppy their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so fast that there is no return. And to be clear, modern
no return. And to be clear, modern
no return. And to be clear, modern models are great. Opus 4.6 six and
models are great. Opus 4.6 six and
models are great. Opus 4.6 six and codeex 5.3. They're miracle workers.
codeex 5.3. They're miracle workers.
codeex 5.3. They're miracle workers. They can do things they never would have
They can do things they never would have
They can do things they never would have imagined. They are much worse off trying
imagined. They are much worse off trying
imagined. They are much worse off trying to clean up bad patterns than they are
to clean up bad patterns than they are
to clean up bad patterns than they are trying to make new ones. And here is
trying to make new ones. And here is
trying to make new ones. And here is where the harsh reality is. Let's say
where the harsh reality is. Let's say
where the harsh reality is. Let's say your code base is decent. 90% of it is
your code base is decent. 90% of it is
your code base is decent. 90% of it is good. We'll have green be good and we'll
good. We'll have green be good and we'll
good. We'll have green be good and we'll say whatever is left here, 10, 20,
say whatever is left here, 10, 20,
say whatever is left here, 10, 20, whatever you want to measure it as. This
whatever you want to measure it as. This
whatever you want to measure it as. This other section here is bad. This is your
other section here is bad. This is your
other section here is bad. This is your codebase. Now the code base needs to get
codebase. Now the code base needs to get
codebase. Now the code base needs to get bigger. More people are coming in. More
bigger. More people are coming in. More
bigger. More people are coming in. More changes are being made. Code base is
changes are being made. Code base is
changes are being made. Code base is quickly growing. Generally speaking, it
quickly growing. Generally speaking, it
quickly growing. Generally speaking, it doesn't matter if you're vibe coding, if
doesn't matter if you're vibe coding, if
doesn't matter if you're vibe coding, if you're using AI tools, or if you're just
you're using AI tools, or if you're just
you're using AI tools, or if you're just hiring traditional people, the codebase
hiring traditional people, the codebase
hiring traditional people, the codebase gets copied around. The patterns used in
gets copied around. The patterns used in
gets copied around. The patterns used in one place will be used in others. And
one place will be used in others. And
one place will be used in others. And generally speaking, the pattern that is
generally speaking, the pattern that is
generally speaking, the pattern that is being used is the one that is the
being used is the one that is the
being used is the one that is the easiest to find and the easiest to copy.
easiest to find and the easiest to copy.
easiest to find and the easiest to copy. Sadly, the ones that are the easiest to
Sadly, the ones that are the easiest to
Sadly, the ones that are the easiest to find and copy are very rarely the good
find and copy are very rarely the good
find and copy are very rarely the good patterns. So, what ends up happening is
patterns. So, what ends up happening is
patterns. So, what ends up happening is the good parts of your codebase expand
the good parts of your codebase expand
the good parts of your codebase expand linearly, and the bad ones tend to
linearly, and the bad ones tend to
linearly, and the bad ones tend to expand exponentially. So, once you have
expand exponentially. So, once you have
expand exponentially. So, once you have the the starting point, we'll say the
the the starting point, we'll say the
the the starting point, we'll say the the the point you're at at that 6-month
the the point you're at at that 6-month
the the point you're at at that 6-month mark, the way things go for over time is
mark, the way things go for over time is
mark, the way things go for over time is that the bad parts exponentially
that the bad parts exponentially
that the bad parts exponentially increase and the good parts linearly
increase and the good parts linearly
increase and the good parts linearly increase. So, you very quickly end up in
increase. So, you very quickly end up in
increase. So, you very quickly end up in a slop fest. The models accelerate this.
a slop fest. The models accelerate this.
a slop fest. The models accelerate this. Codeex loves referencing the codebase
Codeex loves referencing the codebase
Codeex loves referencing the codebase for examples to use in the work that it
for examples to use in the work that it
for examples to use in the work that it does. Codeex will very happily copy a
does. Codeex will very happily copy a
does. Codeex will very happily copy a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pattern from somewhere in your
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pattern from somewhere in your
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pattern from somewhere in your codebase and apply it somewhere else
codebase and apply it somewhere else
codebase and apply it somewhere else because it thinks it passed your bar.
because it thinks it passed your bar.
because it thinks it passed your bar. It's in the codebase. And honestly,
It's in the codebase. And honestly,
It's in the codebase. And honestly, that's fair. One of the best moments I
that's fair. One of the best moments I
that's fair. One of the best moments I had in my time at Twitch is when I filed
had in my time at Twitch is when I filed
had in my time at Twitch is when I filed my first PR to the new web repo that
my first PR to the new web repo that
my first PR to the new web repo that became the Twitch site, the rewrite
became the Twitch site, the rewrite
became the Twitch site, the rewrite entire script in React. And I made some
entire script in React. And I made some
entire script in React. And I made some dumb changes in it. And when I was asked
dumb changes in it. And when I was asked
dumb changes in it. And when I was asked about those changes, because one of the
about those changes, because one of the
about those changes, because one of the people reviewing it was like, "Wait, why
people reviewing it was like, "Wait, why
people reviewing it was like, "Wait, why did you do that?" I showed them the code
did you do that?" I showed them the code
did you do that?" I showed them the code example I found and the page in the docs
example I found and the page in the docs
example I found and the page in the docs that led me here, they were like, "Oh,
that led me here, they were like, "Oh,
that led me here, they were like, "Oh, that's really bad. This shouldn't happen
that's really bad. This shouldn't happen
that's really bad. This shouldn't happen anywhere." So before I even got to fix
anywhere." So before I even got to fix
anywhere." So before I even got to fix my PR, they updated the docs to no
my PR, they updated the docs to no
my PR, they updated the docs to no longer steer in that way. And they filed
longer steer in that way. And they filed
longer steer in that way. And they filed multiple PRs, removing any other place
multiple PRs, removing any other place
multiple PRs, removing any other place with similar patterns. So it was less
with similar patterns. So it was less
with similar patterns. So it was less likely a less experienced TypeScript dev
likely a less experienced TypeScript dev
likely a less experienced TypeScript dev like myself would end up in that
like myself would end up in that
like myself would end up in that position. The agents accelerate that. If
position. The agents accelerate that. If
position. The agents accelerate that. If a junior Theo can come in and make a
a junior Theo can come in and make a
a junior Theo can come in and make a dumb mistake because he copied code from
dumb mistake because he copied code from
dumb mistake because he copied code from somewhere else, the agents can make that
somewhere else, the agents can make that
somewhere else, the agents can make that 10 times faster. And they do. So if
10 times faster. And they do. So if
10 times faster. And they do. So if you're not starting from a really good
you're not starting from a really good
you're not starting from a really good spot before the agents take over your
spot before the agents take over your
spot before the agents take over your codebase, probably a little bit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
codebase, probably a little bit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
codebase, probably a little bit [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I think that's what's happening. No
And I think that's what's happening. No
And I think that's what's happening. No model can be better than the code it is
model can be better than the code it is
model can be better than the code it is starting with. And the code these things
starting with. And the code these things
starting with. And the code these things start with are garbage because a lot of
start with are garbage because a lot of
start with are garbage because a lot of it was written by worse models in the
it was written by worse models in the
it was written by worse models in the past. And I can tell you from experience
past. And I can tell you from experience
past. And I can tell you from experience that this is the case across almost
that this is the case across almost
that this is the case across almost everything I've worked in. That's why it
everything I've worked in. That's why it
everything I've worked in. That's why it was nearly exactly on that six-month
was nearly exactly on that six-month
was nearly exactly on that six-month mark that I made the move away from my
mark that I made the move away from my
mark that I made the move away from my custom sync engine in T3 chat over to
custom sync engine in T3 chat over to
custom sync engine in T3 chat over to Convex because I knew we were quickly
Convex because I knew we were quickly
Convex because I knew we were quickly approaching the point where we couldn't
approaching the point where we couldn't
approaching the point where we couldn't make things better in the codebase.
make things better in the codebase.
make things better in the codebase. There are lots of subtle improvements
There are lots of subtle improvements
There are lots of subtle improvements you can make like you can change your
you can make like you can change your
you can make like you can change your llinter to be something better. You can
llinter to be something better. You can
llinter to be something better. You can apply a new lint rule and clean some
apply a new lint rule and clean some
apply a new lint rule and clean some things up. You can upgrade a library
things up. You can upgrade a library
things up. You can upgrade a library here and there, but after that six-month
here and there, but after that six-month
here and there, but after that six-month mark, the majority of that code is going
mark, the majority of that code is going
mark, the majority of that code is going to stay there. It just is. And any
to stay there. It just is. And any
to stay there. It just is. And any patterns you've established already,
patterns you've established already,
patterns you've established already, those aren't going anywhere. So, how do
those aren't going anywhere. So, how do
those aren't going anywhere. So, how do we fix this? How do we prevent this? How
we fix this? How do we prevent this? How
we fix this? How do we prevent this? How do we make our code bases pleasant at
do we make our code bases pleasant at
do we make our code bases pleasant at the start and stay pleasant both for
the start and stay pleasant both for
the start and stay pleasant both for humans and more importantly for agents?
humans and more importantly for agents?
humans and more importantly for agents? This is actually something I feel
This is actually something I feel
This is actually something I feel somewhat qualified in specifically
somewhat qualified in specifically
somewhat qualified in specifically because I would have to do this a lot.
because I would have to do this a lot.
because I would have to do this a lot. Not because like every other coder was
Not because like every other coder was
Not because like every other coder was bad and I was good, but because I cared
bad and I was good, but because I cared
bad and I was good, but because I cared a lot about velocity and developer
a lot about velocity and developer
a lot about velocity and developer experience and those things tend to line
experience and those things tend to line
experience and those things tend to line up really well with the quality of the
up really well with the quality of the
up really well with the quality of the codebase. Not that going faster means
codebase. Not that going faster means
codebase. Not that going faster means the codebase is better. actually kind of
the codebase is better. actually kind of
the codebase is better. actually kind of the opposite. The codebase being really
the opposite. The codebase being really
the opposite. The codebase being really well built and laid out makes it easier
well built and laid out makes it easier
well built and laid out makes it easier to make changes fast. So the first thing
to make changes fast. So the first thing
to make changes fast. So the first thing optimizing for ease, clarity, and speed.
optimizing for ease, clarity, and speed.
optimizing for ease, clarity, and speed. Really trying to make patterns in your
Really trying to make patterns in your
Really trying to make patterns in your codebase established early that are easy
codebase established early that are easy
codebase established early that are easy to make contributions to that are clear
to make contributions to that are clear
to make contributions to that are clear in what they do and are fast to change.
in what they do and are fast to change.
in what they do and are fast to change. Ideally, a small change should only have
Ideally, a small change should only have
Ideally, a small change should only have to touch a small number of files. And a
to touch a small number of files. And a
to touch a small number of files. And a big change should probably have to touch
big change should probably have to touch
big change should probably have to touch a big number of files. Common mistake I
a big number of files. Common mistake I
a big number of files. Common mistake I see is people architecting their
see is people architecting their
see is people architecting their codebase. So big changes are simple and
codebase. So big changes are simple and
codebase. So big changes are simple and as a result the small changes end up
as a result the small changes end up
as a result the small changes end up being really really complex. So common
being really really complex. So common
being really really complex. So common if small changes and big changes take
if small changes and big changes take
if small changes and big changes take the same amount of effort you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up
the same amount of effort you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up
the same amount of effort you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up both sides and it's just so common. This
both sides and it's just so common. This
both sides and it's just so common. This is also why things like Tailwind are so
is also why things like Tailwind are so
is also why things like Tailwind are so cool because it reduces the number of
cool because it reduces the number of
cool because it reduces the number of services that have to be hit to make a
services that have to be hit to make a
services that have to be hit to make a change. This is also why things like
change. This is also why things like
change. This is also why things like GraphQL are bad because you have to
GraphQL are bad because you have to
GraphQL are bad because you have to touch way more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to just add a little
touch way more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to just add a little
touch way more [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to just add a little bit of information to your UI. So
bit of information to your UI. So
bit of information to your UI. So optimizing your codebase so that it is
optimizing your codebase so that it is
optimizing your codebase so that it is easier to understand what's going on,
easier to understand what's going on,
easier to understand what's going on, clearer as well, and fast to make
clearer as well, and fast to make
clearer as well, and fast to make contributions to is great. But there's a
contributions to is great. But there's a
contributions to is great. But there's a bigger piece here that I really want to
bigger piece here that I really want to
bigger piece here that I really want to emphasize. Tolerate nothing. If a bad
emphasize. Tolerate nothing. If a bad
emphasize. Tolerate nothing. If a bad pattern makes it in, it will multiply.
pattern makes it in, it will multiply.
pattern makes it in, it will multiply. Bad code multiplies way, way faster than
Bad code multiplies way, way faster than
Bad code multiplies way, way faster than good does. Because the bad code wouldn't
good does. Because the bad code wouldn't
good does. Because the bad code wouldn't have made it in if it wasn't convenient.
have made it in if it wasn't convenient.
have made it in if it wasn't convenient. Bad code and convenient code have a lot
Bad code and convenient code have a lot
Bad code and convenient code have a lot of overlapping characteristics. But bad
of overlapping characteristics. But bad
of overlapping characteristics. But bad code multiplies too aggressively to ever
code multiplies too aggressively to ever
code multiplies too aggressively to ever let it in. You have to be strict about
let it in. You have to be strict about
let it in. You have to be strict about this. You can't make the exception of,
this. You can't make the exception of,
this. You can't make the exception of, well, we need to hit this deadline, so
well, we need to hit this deadline, so
well, we need to hit this deadline, so we know this is slow, but we'll fix it
we know this is slow, but we'll fix it
we know this is slow, but we'll fix it later. Later is another word for never
later. Later is another word for never
later. Later is another word for never in the software development world.
in the software development world.
in the software development world. You're not going to fix the thing. So,
You're not going to fix the thing. So,
You're not going to fix the thing. So, don't tolerate it. Don't let it in the
don't tolerate it. Don't let it in the
don't tolerate it. Don't let it in the codebase. And along those lines, if you
codebase. And along those lines, if you
codebase. And along those lines, if you do stumble upon something bad, if you do
do stumble upon something bad, if you do
do stumble upon something bad, if you do find something in the codebase that
find something in the codebase that
find something in the codebase that smells, don't hesitate. Don't look into
smells, don't hesitate. Don't look into
smells, don't hesitate. Don't look into the history, don't question why it's
the history, don't question why it's
the history, don't question why it's there. Murder it with intensity. There
there. Murder it with intensity. There
there. Murder it with intensity. There is no room in our code bases for slop.
is no room in our code bases for slop.
is no room in our code bases for slop. It spreads too fast. If you do happen to
It spreads too fast. If you do happen to
It spreads too fast. If you do happen to stumble upon it, drop everything to kill
stumble upon it, drop everything to kill
stumble upon it, drop everything to kill it. I don't care what deadline gets
it. I don't care what deadline gets
it. I don't care what deadline gets missed. I don't care what manager is
missed. I don't care what manager is
missed. I don't care what manager is mad. I don't care what agent is
mad. I don't care what agent is
mad. I don't care what agent is insisting that it's totally fine. If it
insisting that it's totally fine. If it
insisting that it's totally fine. If it smells, it is bad. And if it is bad, it
smells, it is bad. And if it is bad, it
smells, it is bad. And if it is bad, it should be removed. no tolerance. This
should be removed. no tolerance. This
should be removed. no tolerance. This does mean you have to pay more attention
does mean you have to pay more attention
does mean you have to pay more attention a bit. Not that you have to read every
a bit. Not that you have to read every
a bit. Not that you have to read every line of code, but you need to keep an
line of code, but you need to keep an
line of code, but you need to keep an eye on the general patterns that your
eye on the general patterns that your
eye on the general patterns that your codebase is evolving. How are these
codebase is evolving. How are these
codebase is evolving. How are these things interacting with each other? What
things interacting with each other? What
things interacting with each other? What are the methods they use to define
are the methods they use to define
are the methods they use to define things? How concisely can they describe
things? How concisely can they describe
things? How concisely can they describe things? A simple litmus test for this is
things? A simple litmus test for this is
things? A simple litmus test for this is ask an agent how a feature works. If it
ask an agent how a feature works. If it
ask an agent how a feature works. If it can give you a good answer in under
can give you a good answer in under
can give you a good answer in under three minutes, you're probably fine. If
three minutes, you're probably fine. If
three minutes, you're probably fine. If it takes more than 5 minutes to search
it takes more than 5 minutes to search
it takes more than 5 minutes to search things and doesn't give you a good
things and doesn't give you a good
things and doesn't give you a good answer, either of those things being the
answer, either of those things being the
answer, either of those things being the case, honestly, throw it out. You'll
case, honestly, throw it out. You'll
case, honestly, throw it out. You'll start to build an intuition for this,
start to build an intuition for this,
start to build an intuition for this, not just by like reading the code, but
not just by like reading the code, but
not just by like reading the code, but seeing how long it takes for agents to
seeing how long it takes for agents to
seeing how long it takes for agents to complete the code. If you ask an agent
complete the code. If you ask an agent
complete the code. If you ask an agent to do something that should be simple
to do something that should be simple
to do something that should be simple and it takes longer than it should, you
and it takes longer than it should, you
and it takes longer than it should, you know something is off and you need to go
know something is off and you need to go
know something is off and you need to go fix it. Something I was known for in my
fix it. Something I was known for in my
fix it. Something I was known for in my time at Twitch was what I referred to as
time at Twitch was what I referred to as
time at Twitch was what I referred to as sledgehammer style development. When I
sledgehammer style development. When I
sledgehammer style development. When I came into something that wasn't working
came into something that wasn't working
came into something that wasn't working how it was supposed to, it was often
how it was supposed to, it was often
how it was supposed to, it was often significantly easier to just remove it
significantly easier to just remove it
significantly easier to just remove it and start again than it was to try and
and start again than it was to try and
and start again than it was to try and fix the thing that was broken. The
fix the thing that was broken. The
fix the thing that was broken. The reason that wouldn't work is because it
reason that wouldn't work is because it
reason that wouldn't work is because it was too expensive to reproduce it. If
was too expensive to reproduce it. If
was too expensive to reproduce it. If you wanted to throw out 5,000 lines of
you wanted to throw out 5,000 lines of
you wanted to throw out 5,000 lines of code, good luck, because the average
code, good luck, because the average
code, good luck, because the average engineer race between 10 and 100 a day,
engineer race between 10 and 100 a day,
engineer race between 10 and 100 a day, it's going to take you 50 days to
it's going to take you 50 days to
it's going to take you 50 days to replace it all. What if it didn't? What
replace it all. What if it didn't? What
replace it all. What if it didn't? What if you could write the thing correctly
if you could write the thing correctly
if you could write the thing correctly in a few hours instead? Here's where we
in a few hours instead? Here's where we
in a few hours instead? Here's where we get into how we can actually do this.
get into how we can actually do this.
get into how we can actually do this. Right now, a lot of these problems are
Right now, a lot of these problems are
Right now, a lot of these problems are because AI accelerated natural problems
because AI accelerated natural problems
because AI accelerated natural problems in code bases. More devs are maintaining
in code bases. More devs are maintaining
in code bases. More devs are maintaining bigger code bases and they're looking at
bigger code bases and they're looking at
bigger code bases and they're looking at the code less. If I was to just do my
the code less. If I was to just do my
the code less. If I was to just do my job as a manager, this can happen the
job as a manager, this can happen the
job as a manager, this can happen the same exact way without AI. If I write
same exact way without AI. If I write
same exact way without AI. If I write this codebase, I get it to a decent
this codebase, I get it to a decent
this codebase, I get it to a decent state, and then I let my team take it
state, and then I let my team take it
state, and then I let my team take it over, and I don't code review too
over, and I don't code review too
over, and I don't code review too closely, I let them do their thing, tech
closely, I let them do their thing, tech
closely, I let them do their thing, tech debt starts to pile up. Bad patterns
debt starts to pile up. Bad patterns
debt starts to pile up. Bad patterns start to clone and appear all around the
start to clone and appear all around the
start to clone and appear all around the codebase, and then it all collapses.
codebase, and then it all collapses.
codebase, and then it all collapses. I've had to learn patterns to address
I've had to learn patterns to address
I've had to learn patterns to address this as a manager already, and those
this as a manager already, and those
this as a manager already, and those same patterns apply here. But there is
same patterns apply here. But there is
same patterns apply here. But there is one big difference. You don't have to
one big difference. You don't have to
one big difference. You don't have to feel bad telling the agent it did things
feel bad telling the agent it did things
feel bad telling the agent it did things wrong. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks and needs to fix
wrong. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks and needs to fix
wrong. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks and needs to fix it. If my logs with cloud code were to
it. If my logs with cloud code were to
it. If my logs with cloud code were to go public, I would probably be
go public, I would probably be
go public, I would probably be institutionalized for some of the things
institutionalized for some of the things
institutionalized for some of the things I've said to it. I am not rude to my
I've said to it. I am not rude to my
I've said to it. I am not rude to my employees. I go very out of my way for
employees. I go very out of my way for
employees. I go very out of my way for that. I don't even raise my voice to my
that. I don't even raise my voice to my
that. I don't even raise my voice to my team. The thought makes me feel sick,
team. The thought makes me feel sick,
team. The thought makes me feel sick, genuinely. But when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks,
genuinely. But when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks,
genuinely. But when [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks, you need to yell about it sometimes. And
you need to yell about it sometimes. And
you need to yell about it sometimes. And it feels kind of nice to yell at the
it feels kind of nice to yell at the
it feels kind of nice to yell at the agent when it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. But more
agent when it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. But more
agent when it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. But more importantly, you can give the agent [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
importantly, you can give the agent [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
importantly, you can give the agent [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] work. No one wants to be the person to
work. No one wants to be the person to
work. No one wants to be the person to upgrade a 5 plus year old codebase to
upgrade a 5 plus year old codebase to
upgrade a 5 plus year old codebase to modern patterns. The agent will do it.
modern patterns. The agent will do it.
modern patterns. The agent will do it. Nobody wants to port this old internal
Nobody wants to port this old internal
Nobody wants to port this old internal service that 15 people at the company
service that 15 people at the company
service that 15 people at the company use, but the agent will do it. The cost
use, but the agent will do it. The cost
use, but the agent will do it. The cost of sledgehammers has gone down
of sledgehammers has gone down
of sledgehammers has gone down exponentially. Historically, it just
exponentially. Historically, it just
exponentially. Historically, it just wasn't worth it to delete the 5,000
wasn't worth it to delete the 5,000
wasn't worth it to delete the 5,000 lines of code and replace it cuz it was
lines of code and replace it cuz it was
lines of code and replace it cuz it was too expensive to replace it. Now, it's
too expensive to replace it. Now, it's
too expensive to replace it. Now, it's not. You do need to make sure the new
not. You do need to make sure the new
not. You do need to make sure the new solution is well aligned. But if you can
solution is well aligned. But if you can
solution is well aligned. But if you can find the right compartmentalized pieces
find the right compartmentalized pieces
find the right compartmentalized pieces of your codebase that are worth
of your codebase that are worth
of your codebase that are worth sledgehammering and rebuilding, it's
sledgehammering and rebuilding, it's
sledgehammering and rebuilding, it's absolutely worth it. now. And I've been
absolutely worth it. now. And I've been
absolutely worth it. now. And I've been doing this a bunch. There have been many
doing this a bunch. There have been many
doing this a bunch. There have been many places in many of my code bases where I
places in many of my code bases where I
places in many of my code bases where I was like, "This just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. Can
was like, "This just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. Can
was like, "This just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks. Can we rewrite this?" And it worked. It's
we rewrite this?" And it worked. It's
we rewrite this?" And it worked. It's crazy. And I'm not saying that these new
crazy. And I'm not saying that these new
crazy. And I'm not saying that these new models are magically able to never
models are magically able to never
models are magically able to never produce slop. If your codebase has a lot
produce slop. If your codebase has a lot
produce slop. If your codebase has a lot of slop in it, the models will reproduce
of slop in it, the models will reproduce
of slop in it, the models will reproduce it faster than your engineers can. And
it faster than your engineers can. And
it faster than your engineers can. And both can already do it quite fast. But
both can already do it quite fast. But
both can already do it quite fast. But if you do a good job of planning with
if you do a good job of planning with
if you do a good job of planning with the model, specking out exactly what you
the model, specking out exactly what you
the model, specking out exactly what you want. Because this is probably the thing
want. Because this is probably the thing
want. Because this is probably the thing the new models are significantly better
the new models are significantly better
the new models are significantly better at is planning and conversations. spend
at is planning and conversations. spend
at is planning and conversations. spend a bunch of time in the back and forth
a bunch of time in the back and forth
a bunch of time in the back and forth with the model. Write a better plan.
with the model. Write a better plan.
with the model. Write a better plan. Tell the model, "This sucks. I want to
Tell the model, "This sucks. I want to
Tell the model, "This sucks. I want to delete this entire folder. Let's work
delete this entire folder. Let's work
delete this entire folder. Let's work together to make a better version. What
together to make a better version. What
together to make a better version. What would it look like?" Maybe you have some
would it look like?" Maybe you have some
would it look like?" Maybe you have some ideas. Maybe you have some syntax or
ideas. Maybe you have some syntax or
ideas. Maybe you have some syntax or patterns or an API definition that you
patterns or an API definition that you
patterns or an API definition that you know would be better. Write it out with
know would be better. Write it out with
know would be better. Write it out with the model. Go back and forth. At the
the model. Go back and forth. At the
the model. Go back and forth. At the end, you have a markdown document that
end, you have a markdown document that
end, you have a markdown document that you can read and determine, is this good
you can read and determine, is this good
you can read and determine, is this good or is this bad? And once you've decided
or is this bad? And once you've decided
or is this bad? And once you've decided if this makes sense or doesn't make
if this makes sense or doesn't make
if this makes sense or doesn't make sense, you can tell it to go build. And
sense, you can tell it to go build. And
sense, you can tell it to go build. And as long as you have a good enough plan
as long as you have a good enough plan
as long as you have a good enough plan in place before you start that piece, it
in place before you start that piece, it
in place before you start that piece, it will probably come out okay. Will it be
will probably come out okay. Will it be
will probably come out okay. Will it be as good as handwritten code by a human?
as good as handwritten code by a human?
as good as handwritten code by a human? Depends a lot on the human. I would
Depends a lot on the human. I would
Depends a lot on the human. I would argue the average human is a worse
argue the average human is a worse
argue the average human is a worse engineer than the average model at this
engineer than the average model at this
engineer than the average model at this point. I have not hired many engineers
point. I have not hired many engineers
point. I have not hired many engineers in my career that are better than codeex
in my career that are better than codeex
in my career that are better than codeex 5.3. Hired a few. They're hard to find,
5.3. Hired a few. They're hard to find,
5.3. Hired a few. They're hard to find, but they all make mistakes. They all
but they all make mistakes. They all
but they all make mistakes. They all have the same problems. And we need to
have the same problems. And we need to
have the same problems. And we need to build systems that prevent that. First
build systems that prevent that. First
build systems that prevent that. First point is spend way more time in plan
point is spend way more time in plan
point is spend way more time in plan mode helps a ton. Just working with the
mode helps a ton. Just working with the
mode helps a ton. Just working with the model to make sure there is a good plan
model to make sure there is a good plan
model to make sure there is a good plan that everything in the plan sounds good
that everything in the plan sounds good
that everything in the plan sounds good to you. Just take the time. You'll be
to you. Just take the time. You'll be
to you. Just take the time. You'll be amazed at what it can do. And actually
amazed at what it can do. And actually
amazed at what it can do. And actually read the plan. I know a lot of people
read the plan. I know a lot of people
read the plan. I know a lot of people aren't reading the plan anymore. Depends
aren't reading the plan anymore. Depends
aren't reading the plan anymore. Depends on the size of the change and how much
on the size of the change and how much
on the size of the change and how much you care. But if you want to make sure
you care. But if you want to make sure
you care. But if you want to make sure this codebase is maintainable over time,
this codebase is maintainable over time,
this codebase is maintainable over time, treat it accordingly. Next, and hope
treat it accordingly. Next, and hope
treat it accordingly. Next, and hope this was obvious by now, use the latest
this was obvious by now, use the latest
this was obvious by now, use the latest stuff. If you're still using Sonnet 4
stuff. If you're still using Sonnet 4
stuff. If you're still using Sonnet 4 because your company hasn't approved
because your company hasn't approved
because your company hasn't approved Opus 4.5 yet, make them approve it or
Opus 4.5 yet, make them approve it or
Opus 4.5 yet, make them approve it or get a real job. Like the companies that
get a real job. Like the companies that
get a real job. Like the companies that don't understand this are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
don't understand this are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
don't understand this are so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Similar to this, throw away way more
Similar to this, throw away way more
Similar to this, throw away way more code. I find most engineers are still
code. I find most engineers are still
code. I find most engineers are still too attached to code and are scared to
too attached to code and are scared to
too attached to code and are scared to throw away the 5,000 or 10,000 lines.
throw away the 5,000 or 10,000 lines.
throw away the 5,000 or 10,000 lines. Don't be. Aggressively toss it. If any
Don't be. Aggressively toss it. If any
Don't be. Aggressively toss it. If any part of you is telling you, I should
part of you is telling you, I should
part of you is telling you, I should probably delete this thing, you probably
probably delete this thing, you probably
probably delete this thing, you probably should have deleted it a month ago. Most
should have deleted it a month ago. Most
should have deleted it a month ago. Most engineers have this bar really poorly
engineers have this bar really poorly
engineers have this bar really poorly configured where they try too hard to
configured where they try too hard to
configured where they try too hard to fix the code instead of replacing the
fix the code instead of replacing the
fix the code instead of replacing the code. And on that note, actually, don't
code. And on that note, actually, don't
code. And on that note, actually, don't be afraid to branch off. What I mean by
be afraid to branch off. What I mean by
be afraid to branch off. What I mean by this is that I've seen a lot of times
this is that I've seen a lot of times
this is that I've seen a lot of times where a code base has too many things in
where a code base has too many things in
where a code base has too many things in it that don't really belong in that
it that don't really belong in that
it that don't really belong in that codebase. This often happens because of
codebase. This often happens because of
codebase. This often happens because of things like it's too hard to deploy this
things like it's too hard to deploy this
things like it's too hard to deploy this thing again somewhere else, so we're
thing again somewhere else, so we're
thing again somewhere else, so we're just going to stuff all the features
just going to stuff all the features
just going to stuff all the features into version one. Silly example of this,
into version one. Silly example of this,
into version one. Silly example of this, I'm a Twitch streamer. I mostly a
I'm a Twitch streamer. I mostly a
I'm a Twitch streamer. I mostly a YouTuber, but I do actually stream on
YouTuber, but I do actually stream on
YouTuber, but I do actually stream on Twitch. I'm live right now with my
Twitch. I'm live right now with my
Twitch. I'm live right now with my audience filming this video. I used to
audience filming this video. I used to
audience filming this video. I used to work at Twitch. I was working on safety
work at Twitch. I was working on safety
work at Twitch. I was working on safety at Twitch. I was building the internal
at Twitch. I was building the internal
at Twitch. I was building the internal safety platform and I was also helping
safety platform and I was also helping
safety platform and I was also helping build the core Twitch site. We had a
build the core Twitch site. We had a
build the core Twitch site. We had a really bad incident where one particular
really bad incident where one particular
really bad incident where one particular game was being spammed with horrible,
game was being spammed with horrible,
game was being spammed with horrible, terrible, nasty things. The category had
terrible, nasty things. The category had
terrible, nasty things. The category had a bunch of fake streamers spinning up
a bunch of fake streamers spinning up
a bunch of fake streamers spinning up and streaming vile [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] At the time,
and streaming vile [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] At the time,
and streaming vile [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] At the time, the internal safety tools did not have a
the internal safety tools did not have a
the internal safety tools did not have a way to review things pre-report. The
way to review things pre-report. The
way to review things pre-report. The point of the internal tools was to
point of the internal tools was to
point of the internal tools was to review reports, not to review live
review reports, not to review live
review reports, not to review live streams as they were live, which meant
streams as they were live, which meant
streams as they were live, which meant that there was no way for our safety
that there was no way for our safety
that there was no way for our safety moderators, admins, internal safety
moderators, admins, internal safety
moderators, admins, internal safety tooling team to easily go through a
tooling team to easily go through a
tooling team to easily go through a category and ban a bunch of different
category and ban a bunch of different
category and ban a bunch of different content creators. Yes, this was the
content creators. Yes, this was the
content creators. Yes, this was the artifact incident. God, the word
artifact incident. God, the word
artifact incident. God, the word artifact still haunts me to this day
artifact still haunts me to this day
artifact still haunts me to this day from how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up this incident was. We
from how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up this incident was. We
from how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up this incident was. We needed a way to set up our admins to
needed a way to set up our admins to
needed a way to set up our admins to quickly ban streamers in this category
quickly ban streamers in this category
quickly ban streamers in this category if they were doing nasty stuff. You
if they were doing nasty stuff. You
if they were doing nasty stuff. You could easily see just browsing the
could easily see just browsing the
could easily see just browsing the category if they were actually playing
category if they were actually playing
category if they were actually playing the game or not. The Twitch safety team
the game or not. The Twitch safety team
the game or not. The Twitch safety team needed a way to deal with this. And the
needed a way to deal with this. And the
needed a way to deal with this. And the proposal I was given was to add a
proposal I was given was to add a
proposal I was given was to add a permaban button that only admins could
permaban button that only admins could
permaban button that only admins could click in the main Twitch site. So if an
click in the main Twitch site. So if an
click in the main Twitch site. So if an admin was signed in on Twitch, they
admin was signed in on Twitch, they
admin was signed in on Twitch, they could just scroll through a category and
could just scroll through a category and
could just scroll through a category and have a one-click instab. I immediately
have a one-click instab. I immediately
have a one-click instab. I immediately jumped on that and said, "Are you
jumped on that and said, "Are you
jumped on that and said, "Are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kidding? We're never exposing
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kidding? We're never exposing
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kidding? We're never exposing the internal permaban endpoint to the
the internal permaban endpoint to the
the internal permaban endpoint to the public [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Twitch codebase. Are you
public [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Twitch codebase. Are you
public [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Twitch codebase. Are you joking?" No, never.
joking?" No, never.
joking?" No, never. And obviously like a normal user can't
And obviously like a normal user can't
And obviously like a normal user can't hit it cuz it required the elevated off
hit it cuz it required the elevated off
hit it cuz it required the elevated off of the global mods and admins. But the
of the global mods and admins. But the
of the global mods and admins. But the code even making it into the main site
code even making it into the main site
code even making it into the main site was horrifying. And regardless of all of
was horrifying. And regardless of all of
was horrifying. And regardless of all of the potential security safety
the potential security safety
the potential security safety implications here, the code smell to
implications here, the code smell to
implications here, the code smell to have a custom code path that only
have a custom code path that only
have a custom code path that only applies to 10 to 15 people in a codebase
applies to 10 to 15 people in a codebase
applies to 10 to 15 people in a codebase that serves millions a day. No, we're
that serves millions a day. No, we're
that serves millions a day. No, we're not building a feature for 10 to 15
not building a feature for 10 to 15
not building a feature for 10 to 15 people in a codebase that serves
people in a codebase that serves
people in a codebase that serves millions. You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joking. Just
millions. You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joking. Just
millions. You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joking. Just like basic tech debt math tells you to
like basic tech debt math tells you to
like basic tech debt math tells you to not do that. But these types of
not do that. But these types of
not do that. But these types of proposals to this day are very common.
proposals to this day are very common.
proposals to this day are very common. Why don't we just add the feature really
Why don't we just add the feature really
Why don't we just add the feature really quick? Well, it probably belongs in its
quick? Well, it probably belongs in its
quick? Well, it probably belongs in its own codebase, right? Well, then we have
own codebase, right? Well, then we have
own codebase, right? Well, then we have to go link it to all the right
to go link it to all the right
to go link it to all the right dependencies. We have to get permission
dependencies. We have to get permission
dependencies. We have to get permission from the team to deploy it. We have to
from the team to deploy it. We have to
from the team to deploy it. We have to host it. We have to figure out all these
host it. We have to figure out all these
host it. We have to figure out all these pieces. We have to admit it. Like making
pieces. We have to admit it. Like making
pieces. We have to admit it. Like making the new project to do this one-off thing
the new project to do this one-off thing
the new project to do this one-off thing just wasn't worth it all the time.
just wasn't worth it all the time.
just wasn't worth it all the time. Thankfully, for this particular
Thankfully, for this particular
Thankfully, for this particular instance, I had enough ownership of the
instance, I had enough ownership of the
instance, I had enough ownership of the internal codebase and enough familiarity
internal codebase and enough familiarity
internal codebase and enough familiarity with the external one that I knew I
with the external one that I knew I
with the external one that I knew I could quickly recreate the category
could quickly recreate the category
could quickly recreate the category browser in the internal tool to make it
browser in the internal tool to make it
browser in the internal tool to make it easier for the admins to ban people from
easier for the admins to ban people from
easier for the admins to ban people from it. So, that's what I did. It ended up
it. So, that's what I did. It ended up
it. So, that's what I did. It ended up working fine, but I had to go do that
working fine, but I had to go do that
working fine, but I had to go do that and I had to fight my team the whole
and I had to fight my team the whole
and I had to fight my team the whole time telling them, "Sorry, like I know
time telling them, "Sorry, like I know
time telling them, "Sorry, like I know this is going to take slightly longer.
this is going to take slightly longer.
this is going to take slightly longer. It's not going to take that much longer
It's not going to take that much longer
It's not going to take that much longer and it's not going to be a huge risk. We
and it's not going to be a huge risk. We
and it's not going to be a huge risk. We need to do it this way." And the only
need to do it this way." And the only
need to do it this way." And the only reason they let me, by the way, it
reason they let me, by the way, it
reason they let me, by the way, it wasn't even the internal versus external
wasn't even the internal versus external
wasn't even the internal versus external thing or the security or any of that. It
thing or the security or any of that. It
thing or the security or any of that. It was because the external core Twitch
was because the external core Twitch
was because the external core Twitch site only deployed once a day at around
site only deployed once a day at around
site only deployed once a day at around 1 p.m. if I recall. So, we were going to
1 p.m. if I recall. So, we were going to
1 p.m. if I recall. So, we were going to have to get exceptions for them to
have to get exceptions for them to
have to get exceptions for them to redeploy it just for this one button to
redeploy it just for this one button to
redeploy it just for this one button to be added for the admins. But our
be added for the admins. But our
be added for the admins. But our internal tool I could deploy whenever I
internal tool I could deploy whenever I
internal tool I could deploy whenever I wanted. So, it was a deployment
wanted. So, it was a deployment
wanted. So, it was a deployment architectural thing where the internal
architectural thing where the internal
architectural thing where the internal deployment was slightly easier because I
deployment was slightly easier because I
deployment was slightly easier because I owned it. That was the only reason that
owned it. That was the only reason that
owned it. That was the only reason that this button didn't end up in the public
this button didn't end up in the public
this button didn't end up in the public codebase. So, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I just go
codebase. So, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I just go
codebase. So, why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did I just go down this tangent? Hear me out. All of
down this tangent? Hear me out. All of
down this tangent? Hear me out. All of the reasons, 100% of the reasons to put
the reasons, 100% of the reasons to put
the reasons, 100% of the reasons to put that in the existing codebase for the
that in the existing codebase for the
that in the existing codebase for the public Twitch site instead of making a
public Twitch site instead of making a
public Twitch site instead of making a new thing or putting it in the internal
new thing or putting it in the internal
new thing or putting it in the internal thing instead. 100% of those are gone.
thing instead. 100% of those are gone.
thing instead. 100% of those are gone. It is easier than ever to build a new
It is easier than ever to build a new
It is easier than ever to build a new codebase. It is easier than ever to port
codebase. It is easier than ever to port
codebase. It is easier than ever to port features from codebase A to codebase B.
features from codebase A to codebase B.
features from codebase A to codebase B. It is easier than ever to get things
It is easier than ever to get things
It is easier than ever to get things deployed and shipped. There's no more
deployed and shipped. There's no more
deployed and shipped. There's no more excuse. And I find a lot of these nasty
excuse. And I find a lot of these nasty
excuse. And I find a lot of these nasty code bases are because of things making
code bases are because of things making
code bases are because of things making it in that don't belong. I would be
it in that don't belong. I would be
it in that don't belong. I would be blown away if the cloud codebase wasn't
blown away if the cloud codebase wasn't
blown away if the cloud codebase wasn't full of deprecated features that were
full of deprecated features that were
full of deprecated features that were hidden under feature flags and never
hidden under feature flags and never
hidden under feature flags and never shipped. Things that are specific to old
shipped. Things that are specific to old
shipped. Things that are specific to old models that no one's using anymore.
models that no one's using anymore.
models that no one's using anymore. Integrations with systems that don't
Integrations with systems that don't
Integrations with systems that don't exist. Internal tools that they use
exist. Internal tools that they use
exist. Internal tools that they use themselves that aren't part of the
themselves that aren't part of the
themselves that aren't part of the external code that they don't want other
external code that they don't want other
external code that they don't want other users having. I would be floored if less
users having. I would be floored if less
users having. I would be floored if less than 50% of the codebase for cloud code
than 50% of the codebase for cloud code
than 50% of the codebase for cloud code was stuff like that. And you have to
was stuff like that. And you have to
was stuff like that. And you have to fight that instinct. You need to push
fight that instinct. You need to push
fight that instinct. You need to push back when things don't belong in the
back when things don't belong in the
back when things don't belong in the codebase. The number of code bases we
codebase. The number of code bases we
codebase. The number of code bases we all have in our lives should 10x over
all have in our lives should 10x over
all have in our lives should 10x over the next year. I went from actively
the next year. I went from actively
the next year. I went from actively working in two to three code bases to
working in two to three code bases to
working in two to three code bases to like 40. And yes, there's a lot of
like 40. And yes, there's a lot of
like 40. And yes, there's a lot of context to manage. Yes, that's a lot of
context to manage. Yes, that's a lot of
context to manage. Yes, that's a lot of things going on. But the harsh reality
things going on. But the harsh reality
things going on. But the harsh reality is that most of those code bases once
is that most of those code bases once
is that most of those code bases once they do the one thing don't have to be
they do the one thing don't have to be
they do the one thing don't have to be touched the same way that the shitty
touched the same way that the shitty
touched the same way that the shitty folder in another codebase doesn't have
folder in another codebase doesn't have
folder in another codebase doesn't have to be touched. The problem comes when
to be touched. The problem comes when
to be touched. The problem comes when you have to do anything with that big
you have to do anything with that big
you have to do anything with that big codebase. If you have the one major
codebase. If you have the one major
codebase. If you have the one major codebase that matters, like in this case
codebase that matters, like in this case
codebase that matters, like in this case the Twitch site, doing an upgrade to the
the Twitch site, doing an upgrade to the
the Twitch site, doing an upgrade to the React version should not require an
React version should not require an
React version should not require an internal tool that no one's used for 2
internal tool that no one's used for 2
internal tool that no one's used for 2 years to be bumped as well. If you build
years to be bumped as well. If you build
years to be bumped as well. If you build a strong discipline here, if you get
a strong discipline here, if you get
a strong discipline here, if you get good at keeping unrelated things out of
good at keeping unrelated things out of
good at keeping unrelated things out of that codebase, just making new modules,
that codebase, just making new modules,
that codebase, just making new modules, making new repos, making new projects
making new repos, making new projects
making new repos, making new projects for the things that don't need to be in
for the things that don't need to be in
for the things that don't need to be in your main codebase, suddenly maintenance
your main codebase, suddenly maintenance
your main codebase, suddenly maintenance becomes way less miserable. And I know
becomes way less miserable. And I know
becomes way less miserable. And I know for a fact that is not how any of these
for a fact that is not how any of these
for a fact that is not how any of these things have worked. Cursor keeps adding
things have worked. Cursor keeps adding
things have worked. Cursor keeps adding things into cursor. They keep building
things into cursor. They keep building
things into cursor. They keep building on top of the mess and the result is an
on top of the mess and the result is an
on top of the mess and the result is an unstable shitow. Cloud code is a
unstable shitow. Cloud code is a
unstable shitow. Cloud code is a slopfest, constantly building on top of
slopfest, constantly building on top of
slopfest, constantly building on top of itself with things that no one uses and
itself with things that no one uses and
itself with things that no one uses and they don't even need anymore. Fight that
they don't even need anymore. Fight that
they don't even need anymore. Fight that urge. Push to keep things out. Make it
urge. Push to keep things out. Make it
urge. Push to keep things out. Make it easier for your team to do this as well.
easier for your team to do this as well.
easier for your team to do this as well. If it's too hard to deploy a new
If it's too hard to deploy a new
If it's too hard to deploy a new service, fix that. It should be easy for
service, fix that. It should be easy for
service, fix that. It should be easy for anyone at your company to deploy a new
anyone at your company to deploy a new
anyone at your company to deploy a new internal service to a new internal URL
internal service to a new internal URL
internal service to a new internal URL or subdomain. It should be trivial. If
or subdomain. It should be trivial. If
or subdomain. It should be trivial. If it's hard to get your codebase to spin
it's hard to get your codebase to spin
it's hard to get your codebase to spin up a new repo on your internal GitHub
up a new repo on your internal GitHub
up a new repo on your internal GitHub enterprise or whatever shitty source
enterprise or whatever shitty source
enterprise or whatever shitty source solution you're using instead, fix it.
solution you're using instead, fix it.
solution you're using instead, fix it. It should be trivial for anyone in your
It should be trivial for anyone in your
It should be trivial for anyone in your company to spin up and deploy 10 new
company to spin up and deploy 10 new
company to spin up and deploy 10 new code bases in a day. The agents have
code bases in a day. The agents have
code bases in a day. The agents have made everything else easy. If that part
made everything else easy. If that part
made everything else easy. If that part is why you're blocked, fix it.
is why you're blocked, fix it.
is why you're blocked, fix it. Incentivize new project creation instead
Incentivize new project creation instead
Incentivize new project creation instead of old project sloppification. If it's
of old project sloppification. If it's
of old project sloppification. If it's not essential to the features that the
not essential to the features that the
not essential to the features that the majority of your users are using it for,
majority of your users are using it for,
majority of your users are using it for, make it something else. And the most
make it something else. And the most
make it something else. And the most important final piece here, ask
important final piece here, ask
important final piece here, ask questions. Specifically, ask the AI
questions. Specifically, ask the AI
questions. Specifically, ask the AI agent when it's doing work, what is it
agent when it's doing work, what is it
agent when it's doing work, what is it doing? Why is it doing it? Where did it
doing? Why is it doing it? Where did it
doing? Why is it doing it? Where did it get this idea from? Why does it think
get this idea from? Why does it think
get this idea from? Why does it think this thing matters? Why did you choose
this thing matters? Why did you choose
this thing matters? Why did you choose to go down this path? If you ever notice
to go down this path? If you ever notice
to go down this path? If you ever notice the agent doing something wrong, there
the agent doing something wrong, there
the agent doing something wrong, there is a reason for it. These are
is a reason for it. These are
is a reason for it. These are non-determinism machines. Like, it's
non-determinism machines. Like, it's
non-determinism machines. Like, it's never going to do the same thing twice,
never going to do the same thing twice,
never going to do the same thing twice, but it's going to do them close enough
but it's going to do them close enough
but it's going to do them close enough and the reasons are going to be
and the reasons are going to be
and the reasons are going to be relatively consistent. If it did this
relatively consistent. If it did this
relatively consistent. If it did this thing wrong, figure out where it got the
thing wrong, figure out where it got the
thing wrong, figure out where it got the idea from. If it came from your
idea from. If it came from your
idea from. If it came from your codebase, eliminate it. If it came from
codebase, eliminate it. If it came from
codebase, eliminate it. If it came from your quad MD, fix it. Adjust it. The
your quad MD, fix it. Adjust it. The
your quad MD, fix it. Adjust it. The problem with these tools is that they
problem with these tools is that they
problem with these tools is that they didn't have this diligence because they
didn't have this diligence because they
didn't have this diligence because they were too focused on how fast can we ship
were too focused on how fast can we ship
were too focused on how fast can we ship and not how well can we ship. And I feel
and not how well can we ship. And I feel
and not how well can we ship. And I feel this deeply. I feel it so deeply that I
this deeply. I feel it so deeply that I
this deeply. I feel it so deeply that I bullied Cursor into doing a month of no
bullied Cursor into doing a month of no
bullied Cursor into doing a month of no new features and just cleaning up the
new features and just cleaning up the
new features and just cleaning up the slop. And honestly, some of these code
slop. And honestly, some of these code
slop. And honestly, some of these code bases probably need to just be reset
bases probably need to just be reset
bases probably need to just be reset from scratch. There's a project I think
from scratch. There's a project I think
from scratch. There's a project I think about a lot and you guys are going to
about a lot and you guys are going to
about a lot and you guys are going to think I'm insane for going down this
think I'm insane for going down this
think I'm insane for going down this rabbit hole, but just hear me out, guys.
rabbit hole, but just hear me out, guys.
rabbit hole, but just hear me out, guys. There's a game called Vampire Survivors.
There's a game called Vampire Survivors.
There's a game called Vampire Survivors. Many of y'all may have heard of this
Many of y'all may have heard of this
Many of y'all may have heard of this game before. Vampire Survivors was
game before. Vampire Survivors was
game before. Vampire Survivors was originally based on a shitty mobile slot
originally based on a shitty mobile slot
originally based on a shitty mobile slot war game where you would just walk
war game where you would just walk
war game where you would just walk around in circles and a gun would
around in circles and a gun would
around in circles and a gun would autoshoot and destroy monsters until you
autoshoot and destroy monsters until you
autoshoot and destroy monsters until you eventually couldn't finish them all off
eventually couldn't finish them all off
eventually couldn't finish them all off and you would die. Fun fact about
and you would die. Fun fact about
and you would die. Fun fact about Vampire Survivors, it was written in
Vampire Survivors, it was written in
Vampire Survivors, it was written in Phaser.js in the browser, but you might
Phaser.js in the browser, but you might
Phaser.js in the browser, but you might see to the right there, Vampire
see to the right there, Vampire
see to the right there, Vampire Survivors for Nintendo Switch. The
Survivors for Nintendo Switch. The
Survivors for Nintendo Switch. The Nintendo Switch is not a competent
Nintendo Switch is not a competent
Nintendo Switch is not a competent console. When it came out, it came out
console. When it came out, it came out
console. When it came out, it came out with a processor that was already over
with a processor that was already over
with a processor that was already over two years old. The RAM speeds are slower
two years old. The RAM speeds are slower
two years old. The RAM speeds are slower than most hard drives are, not as these
than most hard drives are, not as these
than most hard drives are, not as these hard drives. The Switch was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] piece
hard drives. The Switch was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] piece
hard drives. The Switch was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] piece of hardware. There was no world in which
of hardware. There was no world in which
of hardware. There was no world in which they were going to get the PhaserJS
they were going to get the PhaserJS
they were going to get the PhaserJS version along with a full JavaScript
version along with a full JavaScript
version along with a full JavaScript engine running in even vaguely a
engine running in even vaguely a
engine running in even vaguely a performant way for the Switch. So, they
performant way for the Switch. So, they
performant way for the Switch. So, they rewrote it in C++. That became the
rewrote it in C++. That became the
rewrote it in C++. That became the Vampire Survivors console version. That
Vampire Survivors console version. That
Vampire Survivors console version. That is now also the version you get on
is now also the version you get on
is now also the version you get on Steam, as far as I know. I might be
Steam, as far as I know. I might be
Steam, as far as I know. I might be wrong on that, but I'm pretty sure the
wrong on that, but I'm pretty sure the
wrong on that, but I'm pretty sure the Steam version is also in C++. The lead
Steam version is also in C++. The lead
Steam version is also in C++. The lead dev does not know C++. He hired a couple
dev does not know C++. He hired a couple
dev does not know C++. He hired a couple additional developers to join in and
additional developers to join in and
additional developers to join in and port the game to other systems. But
port the game to other systems. But
port the game to other systems. But here's where things get real fun. When
here's where things get real fun. When
here's where things get real fun. When the creator of the game wants to build a
the creator of the game wants to build a
the creator of the game wants to build a new feature for the game, test out new
new feature for the game, test out new
new feature for the game, test out new ideas, play with things, and just
ideas, play with things, and just
ideas, play with things, and just improve the game, he doesn't do it by
improve the game, he doesn't do it by
improve the game, he doesn't do it by editing things in the C++ codebase. He
editing things in the C++ codebase. He
editing things in the C++ codebase. He does it by slopping away in his giant
does it by slopping away in his giant
does it by slopping away in his giant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show of Phaser.js for the browser.
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show of Phaser.js for the browser.
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show of Phaser.js for the browser. And once he has it in a good enough
And once he has it in a good enough
And once he has it in a good enough state where he feels like the game plays
state where he feels like the game plays
state where he feels like the game plays well, he hands that off to the team to
well, he hands that off to the team to
well, he hands that off to the team to go build it in the real codebase.
go build it in the real codebase.
go build it in the real codebase. They're maintaining two code bases in
They're maintaining two code bases in
They're maintaining two code bases in parallel. One version, the web version,
parallel. One version, the web version,
parallel. One version, the web version, the phaserjs version is the one that the
the phaserjs version is the one that the
the phaserjs version is the one that the game designer and creator uses to figure
game designer and creator uses to figure
game designer and creator uses to figure out what does and doesn't work to
out what does and doesn't work to
out what does and doesn't work to iterate on ideas to improve the game.
iterate on ideas to improve the game.
iterate on ideas to improve the game. And once that version has things figured
And once that version has things figured
And once that version has things figured out, well, the team is assigned the task
out, well, the team is assigned the task
out, well, the team is assigned the task of porting it to the polished, refined,
of porting it to the polished, refined,
of porting it to the polished, refined, reliable C++ edition. I think we're
reliable C++ edition. I think we're
reliable C++ edition. I think we're going to see more of this going forward.
going to see more of this going forward.
going to see more of this going forward. I do legitimately believe the future's
I do legitimately believe the future's
I do legitimately believe the future's going to look something like this where
going to look something like this where
going to look something like this where you maintain two or maybe even more
you maintain two or maybe even more
you maintain two or maybe even more versions of a given codebase. Maybe you
versions of a given codebase. Maybe you
versions of a given codebase. Maybe you use the vibe code slopware tools to make
use the vibe code slopware tools to make
use the vibe code slopware tools to make something that works and test out
something that works and test out
something that works and test out theories. Maybe you even ship that
theories. Maybe you even ship that
theories. Maybe you even ship that version to some users to see how they
version to some users to see how they
version to some users to see how they react to that. I've already seen this
react to that. I've already seen this
react to that. I've already seen this happen in the past doing things like
happen in the past doing things like
happen in the past doing things like using framer mocks to test ideas out for
using framer mocks to test ideas out for
using framer mocks to test ideas out for users. What if we did this more
users. What if we did this more
users. What if we did this more sincerely? What if we did this as part
sincerely? What if we did this as part
sincerely? What if we did this as part of our actual design methodology? What
of our actual design methodology? What
of our actual design methodology? What if we thought about building through
if we thought about building through
if we thought about building through slop as a way to test ideas and then we
slop as a way to test ideas and then we
slop as a way to test ideas and then we used more established engineering
used more established engineering
used more established engineering practices to turn those ideas into good
practices to turn those ideas into good
practices to turn those ideas into good reliable product? What if cursor just
reliable product? What if cursor just
reliable product? What if cursor just cut their losses, treated the existing
cut their losses, treated the existing
cut their losses, treated the existing code base as the slopfest version, used
code base as the slopfest version, used
code base as the slopfest version, used that to prototype ideas, play with
that to prototype ideas, play with
that to prototype ideas, play with things, and then started from scratch a
things, and then started from scratch a
things, and then started from scratch a new version where they would port over
new version where they would port over
new version where they would port over the parts that matter and leave behind
the parts that matter and leave behind
the parts that matter and leave behind all of the slop that doesn't. It's
all of the slop that doesn't. It's
all of the slop that doesn't. It's suddenly way cheaper to do that.
suddenly way cheaper to do that.
suddenly way cheaper to do that. Maintaining the same codebase twice,
Maintaining the same codebase twice,
Maintaining the same codebase twice, once as an internal version for
once as an internal version for
once as an internal version for prototyping and once as an external
prototyping and once as an external
prototyping and once as an external version for actual usage sounds insane
version for actual usage sounds insane
version for actual usage sounds insane and would not have made any sense at all
and would not have made any sense at all
and would not have made any sense at all in the past. I think it's starting to. I
in the past. I think it's starting to. I
in the past. I think it's starting to. I don't know if this is actually going to
don't know if this is actually going to
don't know if this is actually going to be a thing. I don't know if this is
be a thing. I don't know if this is
be a thing. I don't know if this is going anywhere, but I think it's a
going anywhere, but I think it's a
going anywhere, but I think it's a viable path for the companies that are
viable path for the companies that are
viable path for the companies that are in this place where they've slopped
in this place where they've slopped
in this place where they've slopped themselves into a corner and they need
themselves into a corner and they need
themselves into a corner and they need to get out of it, but they don't want to
to get out of it, but they don't want to
to get out of it, but they don't want to lose the iteration speed and the
lose the iteration speed and the
lose the iteration speed and the experimentation that they can do in the
experimentation that they can do in the
experimentation that they can do in the slopfest edition. I think this might
slopfest edition. I think this might
slopfest edition. I think this might make sense. And we're even considering
make sense. And we're even considering
make sense. And we're even considering dog fooding it ourselves for some fun
dog fooding it ourselves for some fun
dog fooding it ourselves for some fun things we're cooking over at T3. I see
things we're cooking over at T3. I see
things we're cooking over at T3. I see Julius has been cooking with all things
Julius has been cooking with all things
Julius has been cooking with all things T3 code since we went live. He already
T3 code since we went live. He already
T3 code since we went live. He already seems to have added hotkeys since. If
seems to have added hotkeys since. If
seems to have added hotkeys since. If all goes well, this will hopefully be
all goes well, this will hopefully be
all goes well, this will hopefully be out by the time this video is. Might not
out by the time this video is. Might not
out by the time this video is. Might not be the case, but we have been deep in
be the case, but we have been deep in
be the case, but we have been deep in the creation of T3 code, which is meant
the creation of T3 code, which is meant
the creation of T3 code, which is meant to be a much more stable way to interact
to be a much more stable way to interact
to be a much more stable way to interact with these agents. And this might end up
with these agents. And this might end up
with these agents. And this might end up being the first time we test out that
being the first time we test out that
being the first time we test out that theory where we have a vibecoded slop
theory where we have a vibecoded slop
theory where we have a vibecoded slop version and poor Julius is stuck with
version and poor Julius is stuck with
version and poor Julius is stuck with the task of making it actually work
the task of making it actually work
the task of making it actually work reliably. We effectively already work
reliably. We effectively already work
reliably. We effectively already work this way where I'll put up a slop PR
this way where I'll put up a slop PR
this way where I'll put up a slop PR that makes the feature work that shows
that makes the feature work that shows
that makes the feature work that shows what my intentions are and what I
what my intentions are and what I
what my intentions are and what I expected to do and then my team will go
expected to do and then my team will go
expected to do and then my team will go and build it correctly. half or more of
and build it correctly. half or more of
and build it correctly. half or more of my PRs on T3 chat don't get merged even
my PRs on T3 chat don't get merged even
my PRs on T3 chat don't get merged even preAI because I built a lot of these
preAI because I built a lot of these
preAI because I built a lot of these things to show the UX feel it see if it
things to show the UX feel it see if it
things to show the UX feel it see if it works right and if it doesn't retry and
works right and if it doesn't retry and
works right and if it doesn't retry and do it again and then my team would be
do it again and then my team would be
do it again and then my team would be stuck with the horrible task of making
stuck with the horrible task of making
stuck with the horrible task of making that an actual good reliable feature
that an actual good reliable feature
that an actual good reliable feature happened all the time the amount of
happened all the time the amount of
happened all the time the amount of times my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] PRs have been trumped by
times my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] PRs have been trumped by
times my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] PRs have been trumped by Julius is genuinely hilarious AI is only
Julius is genuinely hilarious AI is only
Julius is genuinely hilarious AI is only accelerating it but I think there might
accelerating it but I think there might
accelerating it but I think there might be something here this idea of
be something here this idea of
be something here this idea of maintaining two versions of the codebase
maintaining two versions of the codebase
maintaining two versions of the codebase or at least throwing away a lot of the
or at least throwing away a lot of the
or at least throwing away a lot of the code that you're using knowing that
code that you're using knowing that
code that you're using knowing that you're writing a ton of code to test
you're writing a ton of code to test
you're writing a ton of code to test ideas not to ship. Instead of measure
ideas not to ship. Instead of measure
ideas not to ship. Instead of measure twice, cut once, one of my favorite
twice, cut once, one of my favorite
twice, cut once, one of my favorite phrases ever. Maybe it's file twice,
phrases ever. Maybe it's file twice,
phrases ever. Maybe it's file twice, merge once. Maybe it's file 10pr once.
merge once. Maybe it's file 10pr once.
merge once. Maybe it's file 10pr once. But the idea that like code is cheap, so
But the idea that like code is cheap, so
But the idea that like code is cheap, so we should merge all of this cheap code.
we should merge all of this cheap code.
we should merge all of this cheap code. Terrible, horrible, nasty. It's resulted
Terrible, horrible, nasty. It's resulted
Terrible, horrible, nasty. It's resulted in the hell that we're in today. Maybe
in the hell that we're in today. Maybe
in the hell that we're in today. Maybe these tools, as useful as they are, are
these tools, as useful as they are, are
these tools, as useful as they are, are good for vetting ideas. and then the
good for vetting ideas. and then the
good for vetting ideas. and then the final version we end up committing gets
final version we end up committing gets
final version we end up committing gets a little bit more care in the approach.
a little bit more care in the approach.
a little bit more care in the approach. Maybe or maybe the model just gets so
Maybe or maybe the model just gets so
Maybe or maybe the model just gets so good that none of this matters and they
good that none of this matters and they
good that none of this matters and they can rewrite everything from scratch
can rewrite everything from scratch
can rewrite everything from scratch anyways. Who knows? All of this can go
anyways. Who knows? All of this can go
anyways. Who knows? All of this can go anywhere. This is all speculation about
anywhere. This is all speculation about
anywhere. This is all speculation about patterns that may or may not work. My
patterns that may or may not work. My
patterns that may or may not work. My experience for maintaining large code
experience for maintaining large code
experience for maintaining large code bases and all that and more. I don't get
bases and all that and more. I don't get
bases and all that and more. I don't get anybody who says that engineering skills
anybody who says that engineering skills
anybody who says that engineering skills don't matter. I've never felt like my
don't matter. I've never felt like my
don't matter. I've never felt like my skills are being pushed to their limits
skills are being pushed to their limits
skills are being pushed to their limits more than they are today. There's
more than they are today. There's
more than they are today. There's opportunity for good engineers to do
opportunity for good engineers to do
opportunity for good engineers to do great things now. And I hope that this
great things now. And I hope that this
great things now. And I hope that this absurd rant helps you understand why and
absurd rant helps you understand why and
absurd rant helps you understand why and also maybe helps you understand why all
also maybe helps you understand why all
also maybe helps you understand why all of these slop fests are so miserable to
of these slop fests are so miserable to
of these slop fests are so miserable to work in and maintain. I don't see a
work in and maintain. I don't see a
work in and maintain. I don't see a future where the existing cursor and
future where the existing cursor and
future where the existing cursor and cloud code bases become nice to work in
cloud code bases become nice to work in
cloud code bases become nice to work in or nice to use the results of. I do see
or nice to use the results of. I do see
or nice to use the results of. I do see one where they're treated as a slot fest
one where they're treated as a slot fest
one where they're treated as a slot fest they are. A new better thing is built
they are. A new better thing is built
they are. A new better thing is built from scratch and as a result they have a
from scratch and as a result they have a
from scratch and as a result they have a better app. But I really don't see a
better app. But I really don't see a
better app. But I really don't see a future where claude code the codebase
future where claude code the codebase
future where claude code the codebase gets better. I see a world where cloud
gets better. I see a world where cloud
gets better. I see a world where cloud code the executable gets better because
code the executable gets better because
code the executable gets better because a new code base is used to serve it. No
a new code base is used to serve it. No
a new code base is used to serve it. No idea where this will all go. I just
idea where this will all go. I just
idea where this will all go. I just wanted to complain a bunch. I appreciate
wanted to complain a bunch. I appreciate
wanted to complain a bunch. I appreciate you all for listening. I hope that this
you all for listening. I hope that this
you all for listening. I hope that this helps you maintain code bases a bit
helps you maintain code bases a bit
helps you maintain code bases a bit better and maybe at the very least vent
better and maybe at the very least vent
better and maybe at the very least vent your frustrations with these existing
your frustrations with these existing
your frustrations with these existing tools a little better, too. It's never
tools a little better, too. It's never
tools a little better, too. It's never been more important to maintain your
been more important to maintain your
been more important to maintain your codebases well cuz the agents are more
codebases well cuz the agents are more
codebases well cuz the agents are more than happy to tear them to shreds. Let
than happy to tear them to shreds. Let
than happy to tear them to shreds. Let me know what y'all think about this or
me know what y'all think about this or
me know what y'all think about this or if I'm just going mad. Until next time.