Last week, Anthropic released this
Last week, Anthropic released this marketing video in which they're like,
marketing video in which they're like,
marketing video in which they're like, "Hey, we built a C compiler from
"Hey, we built a C compiler from
"Hey, we built a C compiler from scratch." You know, like we just walked
scratch." You know, like we just walked
scratch." You know, like we just walked away and two weeks later was like poof,
away and two weeks later was like poof,
away and two weeks later was like poof, C compiler and everything worked. I
C compiler and everything worked. I
C compiler and everything worked. I could build Linux. It was easy peasy.
could build Linux. It was easy peasy.
could build Linux. It was easy peasy. Engineering's over. Now, of course, this
Engineering's over. Now, of course, this
Engineering's over. Now, of course, this led a bunch of people to kind of
led a bunch of people to kind of
led a bunch of people to kind of actually say, well, hey, it wasn't
actually say, well, hey, it wasn't
actually say, well, hey, it wasn't really from scratch. He used a bunch of
really from scratch. He used a bunch of
really from scratch. He used a bunch of test suites and everything. But
test suites and everything. But
test suites and everything. But Cloudflare, when they saw that, they
Cloudflare, when they saw that, they
Cloudflare, when they saw that, they said, well, wait, wait, wait a second.
said, well, wait, wait, wait a second.
said, well, wait, wait, wait a second. Hold my beer. I got an idea. And they
Hold my beer. I got an idea. And they
Hold my beer. I got an idea. And they decided they're going to rebuild Nex.js,
decided they're going to rebuild Nex.js,
decided they're going to rebuild Nex.js, JS, which is if you don't know anything
JS, which is if you don't know anything
JS, which is if you don't know anything about Nex.js, just imagine a framework
about Nex.js, just imagine a framework
about Nex.js, just imagine a framework and you put a framework in a framework.
and you put a framework in a framework.
and you put a framework in a framework. That's effectively what Nex.js is. They
That's effectively what Nex.js is. They
That's effectively what Nex.js is. They call it a meta framework. Okay, very
call it a meta framework. Okay, very
call it a meta framework. Okay, very metaphysical. Okay, I actually I don't
metaphysical. Okay, I actually I don't
metaphysical. Okay, I actually I don't even get that joke. And they make
even get that joke. And they make
even get that joke. And they make outrageous claims about it. 57% smaller
outrageous claims about it. 57% smaller
outrageous claims about it. 57% smaller client bundles, 4x faster builds. All
client bundles, 4x faster builds. All
client bundles, 4x faster builds. All right, so we're going to obviously have
right, so we're going to obviously have
right, so we're going to obviously have to go over this. We're going to talk
to go over this. We're going to talk
to go over this. We're going to talk about these claims. We're going to
about these claims. We're going to
about these claims. We're going to actually kind of understand the whole
actually kind of understand the whole
actually kind of understand the whole purpose to everything. And even more so,
purpose to everything. And even more so,
purpose to everything. And even more so, we should probably talk about the
we should probably talk about the
we should probably talk about the implications of this. But first, I don't
implications of this. But first, I don't
implications of this. But first, I don't know if you know this, March 27th, I'm
know if you know this, March 27th, I'm
know if you know this, March 27th, I'm going to be in San Francisco. I'm going
going to be in San Francisco. I'm going
going to be in San Francisco. I'm going to be doing an event for Century. If you
to be doing an event for Century. If you
to be doing an event for Century. If you want to come sign up, the link will be
want to come sign up, the link will be
want to come sign up, the link will be in the description. It's going to be a
in the description. It's going to be a
in the description. It's going to be a lot of fun. A lot of founders and
lot of fun. A lot of founders and
lot of fun. A lot of founders and engineers are all going to be hanging
engineers are all going to be hanging
engineers are all going to be hanging out at the Chase Center. Sports ball. Am
out at the Chase Center. Sports ball. Am
out at the Chase Center. Sports ball. Am I right, boys?
I right, boys?
I right, boys? Yeah. You know me and that sports ball.
Yeah. You know me and that sports ball.
Yeah. You know me and that sports ball. Hey, but if we're talking pickle ball,
Hey, but if we're talking pickle ball,
Hey, but if we're talking pickle ball, dog, I'll see you on the court. Anyways,
dog, I'll see you on the court. Anyways,
dog, I'll see you on the court. Anyways, link will be in the description. Come
link will be in the description. Come
link will be in the description. Come hang out. It's going to be awesome. So,
hang out. It's going to be awesome. So,
hang out. It's going to be awesome. So, first to kind of understand what's
first to kind of understand what's
first to kind of understand what's happening, if you don't know anything
happening, if you don't know anything
happening, if you don't know anything about Nex.js, it's chronically been
about Nex.js, it's chronically been
about Nex.js, it's chronically been known on the internet as a very
known on the internet as a very
known on the internet as a very difficult thing to host if you're not on
difficult thing to host if you're not on
difficult thing to host if you're not on Versel. Open next right here, which was
Versel. Open next right here, which was
Versel. Open next right here, which was created, of course, by Dax. Look at Dax.
created, of course, by Dax. Look at Dax.
created, of course, by Dax. Look at Dax. Look at all that money on him. Classic
Look at all that money on him. Classic
Look at all that money on him. Classic DAX right there. It was created with the
DAX right there. It was created with the
DAX right there. It was created with the sole purpose of making hosting Nex.js
sole purpose of making hosting Nex.js
sole purpose of making hosting Nex.js not on Versel easier. And there's a lot
not on Versel easier. And there's a lot
not on Versel easier. And there's a lot of reasons why this is difficult. No
of reasons why this is difficult. No
of reasons why this is difficult. No need to go into them. Just know that
need to go into them. Just know that
need to go into them. Just know that there's some hurdles one has to jump
there's some hurdles one has to jump
there's some hurdles one has to jump over to make this easy. Now, what makes
over to make this easy. Now, what makes
over to make this easy. Now, what makes this really interesting is if you
this really interesting is if you
this really interesting is if you remember with Anthropic,
remember with Anthropic,
remember with Anthropic, they used the 37 years of engineering
they used the 37 years of engineering
they used the 37 years of engineering test to be able to produce a C compiler
test to be able to produce a C compiler
test to be able to produce a C compiler that they probably already had memorized
that they probably already had memorized
that they probably already had memorized in the weights. But this one is is
in the weights. But this one is is
in the weights. But this one is is different because Cloudflare used the
different because Cloudflare used the
different because Cloudflare used the 1700 viest tests and 380 playright
1700 viest tests and 380 playright
1700 viest tests and 380 playright endtoend test to effectively recreate
endtoend test to effectively recreate
endtoend test to effectively recreate Nex.js, JS, but instead of having kind
Nex.js, JS, but instead of having kind
Nex.js, JS, but instead of having kind of the proprietary or the turbo pack or
of the proprietary or the turbo pack or
of the proprietary or the turbo pack or whatever you would call that kind of
whatever you would call that kind of
whatever you would call that kind of build style, instead it was something
build style, instead it was something
build style, instead it was something that'd be a lot more friendly to say
that'd be a lot more friendly to say
that'd be a lot more friendly to say Netlfly or Cloudflare. And in one week,
Netlfly or Cloudflare. And in one week,
Netlfly or Cloudflare. And in one week, they were able to actually like get it
they were able to actually like get it
they were able to actually like get it to work. Now, this part actually right
to work. Now, this part actually right
to work. Now, this part actually right here terrified me. We've been working
here terrified me. We've been working
here terrified me. We've been working with the National Design Studio, a team
with the National Design Studio, a team
with the National Design Studio, a team aiming at modernizing every government
aiming at modernizing every government
aiming at modernizing every government interface on their beta sites, cio.gov.
interface on their beta sites, cio.gov.
interface on their beta sites, cio.gov. They're already running Vinex in
They're already running Vinex in
They're already running Vinex in production. Okay. Hey brothers. I mean,
production. Okay. Hey brothers. I mean,
production. Okay. Hey brothers. I mean, hey, Cloudflare, I love you, but
hey, Cloudflare, I love you, but
hey, Cloudflare, I love you, but [laughter]
[laughter]
[laughter] let's not use experimental frameworks on
let's not use experimental frameworks on
let's not use experimental frameworks on the government. Oh my gosh, what are we
the government. Oh my gosh, what are we
the government. Oh my gosh, what are we doing, dude? It's a fun time. Hey, we
doing, dude? It's a fun time. Hey, we
doing, dude? It's a fun time. Hey, we all get to laugh during the SL
all get to laugh during the SL
all get to laugh during the SL apocalypse. Okay. Uh, actually, I have
apocalypse. Okay. Uh, actually, I have
apocalypse. Okay. Uh, actually, I have to interrupt myself uh, quickly. A
to interrupt myself uh, quickly. A
to interrupt myself uh, quickly. A couple hours later, I was doing some
couple hours later, I was doing some
couple hours later, I was doing some more reading on this and I realized that
more reading on this and I realized that
more reading on this and I realized that I kind of misrepresented stuff right
I kind of misrepresented stuff right
I kind of misrepresented stuff right here. 94% of the NextJS 16 API surface
here. 94% of the NextJS 16 API surface
here. 94% of the NextJS 16 API surface sounds very intense, but if you go and
sounds very intense, but if you go and
sounds very intense, but if you go and look at how much of the actual Next.js
look at how much of the actual Next.js
look at how much of the actual Next.js JS test coverage this Cloudflare port
JS test coverage this Cloudflare port
JS test coverage this Cloudflare port actually has it's 13% dev 20% end to end
actually has it's 13% dev 20% end to end
actually has it's 13% dev 20% end to end and 10% production. There are 13,78
and 10% production. There are 13,78
and 10% production. There are 13,78 test cases and there's only 17380
test cases and there's only 17380
test cases and there's only 17380 end to end ones. So very interesting.
end to end ones. So very interesting.
end to end ones. So very interesting. One week of having an agent go hog wild.
One week of having an agent go hog wild.
One week of having an agent go hog wild. I mean it's impressive it's made it this
I mean it's impressive it's made it this
I mean it's impressive it's made it this far and people are actually using it.
far and people are actually using it.
far and people are actually using it. Still a little worried about that
Still a little worried about that
Still a little worried about that government thing though. Okay. I just
government thing though. Okay. I just
government thing though. Okay. I just just throw that out there. Okay, so
just throw that out there. Okay, so
just throw that out there. Okay, so let's talk about the claims. 4x faster
let's talk about the claims. 4x faster
let's talk about the claims. 4x faster builds and 57% smaller. So, we'll get to
builds and 57% smaller. So, we'll get to
builds and 57% smaller. So, we'll get to the second one in just a moment. The
the second one in just a moment. The
the second one in just a moment. The first one, I can understand why this
first one, I can understand why this
first one, I can understand why this happens. First off, they have just
happens. First off, they have just
happens. First off, they have just different build systems, so maybe roll
different build systems, so maybe roll
different build systems, so maybe roll down just truly is that much more
down just truly is that much more
down just truly is that much more performant than say Turbo Pack. I'm not
performant than say Turbo Pack. I'm not
performant than say Turbo Pack. I'm not saying which one's actually better here,
saying which one's actually better here,
saying which one's actually better here, but let's just pretend like that is a
but let's just pretend like that is a
but let's just pretend like that is a real thing. But there's a lot of things
real thing. But there's a lot of things
real thing. But there's a lot of things that it doesn't do. So, this is a very
that it doesn't do. So, this is a very
that it doesn't do. So, this is a very important part. this V next or whatever
important part. this V next or whatever
important part. this V next or whatever they're calling it uh this this new
they're calling it uh this this new
they're calling it uh this this new Nex.js Cloudflare edition. It doesn't do
Nex.js Cloudflare edition. It doesn't do
Nex.js Cloudflare edition. It doesn't do quite everything that Next.js does right
quite everything that Next.js does right
quite everything that Next.js does right here. Vex does not support static
here. Vex does not support static
here. Vex does not support static pre-rendering at buildtime. In Nex.js,
pre-rendering at buildtime. In Nex.js,
pre-rendering at buildtime. In Nex.js, pages without dynamic data get rendered
pages without dynamic data get rendered
pages without dynamic data get rendered during next build and served as static
during next build and served as static
during next build and served as static HTML. If you have dynamic routes, you
HTML. If you have dynamic routes, you
HTML. If you have dynamic routes, you use generate static params to enumerate
use generate static params to enumerate
use generate static params to enumerate which pages to build ahead of time. Vext
which pages to build ahead of time. Vext
which pages to build ahead of time. Vext doesn't do that yet. It's obviously
doesn't do that yet. It's obviously
doesn't do that yet. It's obviously doing less work, but that's not quite
doing less work, but that's not quite
doing less work, but that's not quite the whole story. This I actually find
the whole story. This I actually find
the whole story. This I actually find this part to be super interesting.
this part to be super interesting.
this part to be super interesting. Introducing trafficaw aare
Introducing trafficaw aare
Introducing trafficaw aare pre-rendering. Next.js pre-renders every
pre-rendering. Next.js pre-renders every
pre-rendering. Next.js pre-renders every page listed and generates static params
page listed and generates static params
page listed and generates static params during the build. A site with 10,000
during the build. A site with 10,000
during the build. A site with 10,000 product pages means 10,000 renders at
product pages means 10,000 renders at
product pages means 10,000 renders at build time even though 99% of those
build time even though 99% of those
build time even though 99% of those pages may never receive a request. Build
pages may never receive a request. Build
pages may never receive a request. Build scales linearly with page count. This is
scales linearly with page count. This is
scales linearly with page count. This is why Nex.js sites end up taking 30 minute
why Nex.js sites end up taking 30 minute
why Nex.js sites end up taking 30 minute builds. Okay, I ever been there. I
builds. Okay, I ever been there. I
builds. Okay, I ever been there. I didn't know about this. I have been in
didn't know about this. I have been in
didn't know about this. I have been in places where there are 45minut
places where there are 45minut
places where there are 45minut Typescript builds. I do get this. So, we
Typescript builds. I do get this. So, we
Typescript builds. I do get this. So, we take traffic aare pre-rendering TPR. By
take traffic aare pre-rendering TPR. By
take traffic aare pre-rendering TPR. By the way, front-end people love
the way, front-end people love
the way, front-end people love abbreviations. We already I mean, they
abbreviations. We already I mean, they
abbreviations. We already I mean, they just got done saying ISR just just a
just got done saying ISR just just a
just got done saying ISR just just a little bit ago. Okay, they're all about
little bit ago. Okay, they're all about
little bit ago. Okay, they're all about these things. So, we built traffic aware
these things. So, we built traffic aware
these things. So, we built traffic aware pre-rendering. It's experimental today
pre-rendering. It's experimental today
pre-rendering. It's experimental today and we plan to make it the default once
and we plan to make it the default once
and we plan to make it the default once we have a more real world testing. The
we have a more real world testing. The
we have a more real world testing. The idea is simple. Cloudflare already is a
idea is simple. Cloudflare already is a
idea is simple. Cloudflare already is a reverse proxy for your site. They
reverse proxy for your site. They
reverse proxy for your site. They already know everything that's being
already know everything that's being
already know everything that's being visited. So, why not use that
visited. So, why not use that
visited. So, why not use that information and just build the things
information and just build the things
information and just build the things you need? And as you can see right here,
you need? And as you can see right here,
you need? And as you can see right here, 12,000 unique paths, 184 pages cover 90%
12,000 unique paths, 184 pages cover 90%
12,000 unique paths, 184 pages cover 90% of the traffic. Actually, pretty cool.
of the traffic. Actually, pretty cool.
of the traffic. Actually, pretty cool. Pretty based, I'd say. All right, so the
Pretty based, I'd say. All right, so the
Pretty based, I'd say. All right, so the next two parts I'm actually very excited
next two parts I'm actually very excited
next two parts I'm actually very excited to talk about. So, the first one being
to talk about. So, the first one being
to talk about. So, the first one being the 57% smaller. Okay, I I'm just going
the 57% smaller. Okay, I I'm just going
the 57% smaller. Okay, I I'm just going to throw this out there. I don't believe
to throw this out there. I don't believe
to throw this out there. I don't believe you. And hold on, just let me just let
you. And hold on, just let me just let
you. And hold on, just let me just let me just let me just back that up for a
me just let me just back that up for a
me just let me just back that up for a second. Okay, I've been around the block
second. Okay, I've been around the block
second. Okay, I've been around the block for a while and I've seen a lot of
for a while and I've seen a lot of
for a while and I've seen a lot of performance claims and I have been a
performance claims and I have been a
performance claims and I have been a part of grand rewrites and I've seen
part of grand rewrites and I've seen
part of grand rewrites and I've seen things be super fantastic and then
things be super fantastic and then
things be super fantastic and then become well equal if not worse than the
become well equal if not worse than the
become well equal if not worse than the other one. So, there's only a couple
other one. So, there's only a couple
other one. So, there's only a couple possibilities that we're seeing. First,
possibilities that we're seeing. First,
possibilities that we're seeing. First, we are seeing the early days of V Next,
we are seeing the early days of V Next,
we are seeing the early days of V Next, meaning that not all the features are
meaning that not all the features are
meaning that not all the features are there, not all the things that made uh
there, not all the things that made uh
there, not all the things that made uh Next.js big are there. So, as time goes
Next.js big are there. So, as time goes
Next.js big are there. So, as time goes on, size will go up and then they'll
on, size will go up and then they'll
on, size will go up and then they'll become much closer, like within 5% of
become much closer, like within 5% of
become much closer, like within 5% of each other. I think this is probably the
each other. I think this is probably the
each other. I think this is probably the most likely answer is that Vinex is just
most likely answer is that Vinex is just
most likely answer is that Vinex is just not doing things and that saves them a
not doing things and that saves them a
not doing things and that saves them a lot because the only other answer is
lot because the only other answer is
lot because the only other answer is that Next.js has so thoroughly screwed
that Next.js has so thoroughly screwed
that Next.js has so thoroughly screwed up. They're sending effectively 2x more
up. They're sending effectively 2x more
up. They're sending effectively 2x more than they need to. And honestly, I
than they need to. And honestly, I
than they need to. And honestly, I refuse to believe that. Like, just a no
refuse to believe that. Like, just a no
refuse to believe that. Like, just a no way. I did corner a uh Cloudflare
way. I did corner a uh Cloudflare
way. I did corner a uh Cloudflare engineer and I did ask them uh many a
engineer and I did ask them uh many a
engineer and I did ask them uh many a times and at the end of the conversation
times and at the end of the conversation
times and at the end of the conversation he's like it's real and I was like I
he's like it's real and I was like I
he's like it's real and I was like I don't believe you. That was my only
don't believe you. That was my only
don't believe you. That was my only answer. I just no you can't just do you
answer. I just no you can't just do you
answer. I just no you can't just do you can't just have 50% smaller and
can't just have 50% smaller and
can't just have 50% smaller and everything else the same. I just not
everything else the same. I just not
everything else the same. I just not believe in it but in the small chance
believe in it but in the small chance
believe in it but in the small chance that it's actually true. That's
that it's actually true. That's
that it's actually true. That's incredible. What did MaxJS do to screw
incredible. What did MaxJS do to screw
incredible. What did MaxJS do to screw this up? But the performance does seem
this up? But the performance does seem
this up? But the performance does seem to be like something's going on because
to be like something's going on because
to be like something's going on because if you look right here, this slop fork
if you look right here, this slop fork
if you look right here, this slop fork is faster and smaller. You can see right
is faster and smaller. You can see right
is faster and smaller. You can see right here, people's P99 times are actually
here, people's P99 times are actually
here, people's P99 times are actually dropping. Okay, so there's a there
dropping. Okay, so there's a there
dropping. Okay, so there's a there there. I have no idea the validity of
there. I have no idea the validity of
there. I have no idea the validity of the data or anything. But if this is to
the data or anything. But if this is to
the data or anything. But if this is to be believed by this Cloudflare employee,
be believed by this Cloudflare employee,
be believed by this Cloudflare employee, which again, I mean, that's trusting,
which again, I mean, that's trusting,
which again, I mean, that's trusting, you know, the old fox with the hens as
you know, the old fox with the hens as
you know, the old fox with the hens as they say. But if this is to be uh true,
they say. But if this is to be uh true,
they say. But if this is to be uh true, then then oh my gosh, that's actually a
then then oh my gosh, that's actually a
then then oh my gosh, that's actually a dramatic improvement. But the most
dramatic improvement. But the most
dramatic improvement. But the most important topic is what are the
important topic is what are the
important topic is what are the implications from this? Because the C
implications from this? Because the C
implications from this? Because the C compiler was just like, oh, we all kind
compiler was just like, oh, we all kind
compiler was just like, oh, we all kind of laughed at anthropic because of how
of laughed at anthropic because of how
of laughed at anthropic because of how much they just misrepresented it.
much they just misrepresented it.
much they just misrepresented it. Whereas the Cloudflare one, they're
Whereas the Cloudflare one, they're
Whereas the Cloudflare one, they're like, no dog, we're running this in
like, no dog, we're running this in
like, no dog, we're running this in production. Yeah, people are just using
production. Yeah, people are just using
production. Yeah, people are just using it. Okay, so this one's a bit more real.
it. Okay, so this one's a bit more real.
it. Okay, so this one's a bit more real. And they did the exact same strategy.
And they did the exact same strategy.
And they did the exact same strategy. The tests were open. They took
The tests were open. They took
The tests were open. They took everything. They are effectively able to
everything. They are effectively able to
everything. They are effectively able to brain drain it like Silicon Valley. And
brain drain it like Silicon Valley. And
brain drain it like Silicon Valley. And boom, they have their own version. It
boom, they have their own version. It
boom, they have their own version. It makes me start thinking that maybe
makes me start thinking that maybe
makes me start thinking that maybe something like SQLite is what we're
something like SQLite is what we're
something like SQLite is what we're going to start seeing. So SQLite, for
going to start seeing. So SQLite, for
going to start seeing. So SQLite, for those that don't know, part of their
those that don't know, part of their
those that don't know, part of their quality assurance is this test harness
quality assurance is this test harness
quality assurance is this test harness number three. Now test harness number
number three. Now test harness number
number three. Now test harness number three or TH3 uh is the test suite is a
three or TH3 uh is the test suite is a
three or TH3 uh is the test suite is a private set of test cases used by the
private set of test cases used by the
private set of test cases used by the SQL light to 100% MC/DC in an asd
SQL light to 100% MC/DC in an asd
SQL light to 100% MC/DC in an asd delivered configuration. The TH3 sources
delivered configuration. The TH3 sources
delivered configuration. The TH3 sources are served on the same server as the
are served on the same server as the
are served on the same server as the other SQLite repositories but differ
other SQLite repositories but differ
other SQLite repositories but differ from the others in being proprietary.
from the others in being proprietary.
from the others in being proprietary. The TH3 code is only accessible to
The TH3 code is only accessible to
The TH3 code is only accessible to SQLite developers. So think about that.
SQLite developers. So think about that.
SQLite developers. So think about that. SQLite keeps a large part of their test
SQLite keeps a large part of their test
SQLite keeps a large part of their test private. Now, for a long time, did this
private. Now, for a long time, did this
private. Now, for a long time, did this make a lot of sense? Honestly, I don't
make a lot of sense? Honestly, I don't
make a lot of sense? Honestly, I don't really understand why they did that.
really understand why they did that.
really understand why they did that. That's not the only thing they keep
That's not the only thing they keep
That's not the only thing they keep private. They also have some other
private. They also have some other
private. They also have some other things that they keep private, such as
things that they keep private, such as
things that they keep private, such as this lib fuzzer. It's to kept private,
this lib fuzzer. It's to kept private,
this lib fuzzer. It's to kept private, so we do not want hackers gaining access
so we do not want hackers gaining access
so we do not want hackers gaining access to that technology. Sounds like I don't
to that technology. Sounds like I don't
to that technology. Sounds like I don't know what's going on there, but that
know what's going on there, but that
know what's going on there, but that sounds like Batman level going on.
sounds like Batman level going on.
sounds like Batman level going on. And the name of it looks just like a
And the name of it looks just like a
And the name of it looks just like a typo. Like, I mean, that looks
typo. Like, I mean, that looks
typo. Like, I mean, that looks fantastic. I want whatever's going on in
fantastic. I want whatever's going on in
fantastic. I want whatever's going on in there. But any this actually has kind of
there. But any this actually has kind of
there. But any this actually has kind of an interesting impact, right? Do you
an interesting impact, right? Do you
an interesting impact, right? Do you think we're going to see the day where
think we're going to see the day where
think we're going to see the day where say companybacked open source no longer
say companybacked open source no longer
say companybacked open source no longer like makes public any sort of testing
like makes public any sort of testing
like makes public any sort of testing because one can imagine that if you have
because one can imagine that if you have
because one can imagine that if you have a sufficiently large project, you can't
a sufficiently large project, you can't
a sufficiently large project, you can't just simply just say, "Hey AI, go make a
just simply just say, "Hey AI, go make a
just simply just say, "Hey AI, go make a copy." It'd be very very difficult. Will
copy." It'd be very very difficult. Will
copy." It'd be very very difficult. Will we just start seeing kind of a large
we just start seeing kind of a large
we just start seeing kind of a large change in open source? Because what's
change in open source? Because what's
change in open source? Because what's the purpose of producing all this stuff
the purpose of producing all this stuff
the purpose of producing all this stuff if somebody else can just say, "Hey,
if somebody else can just say, "Hey,
if somebody else can just say, "Hey, that's mine now." or even more
that's mine now." or even more
that's mine now." or even more importantly, your competitor can just
importantly, your competitor can just
importantly, your competitor can just say, "Oh, hey, that's mine now."
say, "Oh, hey, that's mine now."
say, "Oh, hey, that's mine now." Interesting. At least interesting to see
Interesting. At least interesting to see
Interesting. At least interesting to see what's going to happen over the course
what's going to happen over the course
what's going to happen over the course of the next couple years. I think we may
of the next couple years. I think we may
of the next couple years. I think we may end up seeing perhaps the end of making
end up seeing perhaps the end of making
end up seeing perhaps the end of making money off of open source by having a
money off of open source by having a
money off of open source by having a company also do something special with
company also do something special with
company also do something special with the open source because people so easily
the open source because people so easily
the open source because people so easily can now copy that. It's a very
can now copy that. It's a very
can now copy that. It's a very interesting future because this fork
interesting future because this fork
interesting future because this fork that they have created, I wonder how
that they have created, I wonder how
that they have created, I wonder how maintainable is it? Is it are they
maintainable is it? Is it are they
maintainable is it? Is it are they permanently just required to live in
permanently just required to live in
permanently just required to live in this slop universe until someone can
this slop universe until someone can
this slop universe until someone can finally wrangle their head around it?
finally wrangle their head around it?
finally wrangle their head around it? Because the attempt to rewrite Nex.js to
Because the attempt to rewrite Nex.js to
Because the attempt to rewrite Nex.js to be able to work on other platforms has
be able to work on other platforms has
be able to work on other platforms has been tried multiple times and has been a
been tried multiple times and has been a
been tried multiple times and has been a failure quite a few times. Cloudflare
failure quite a few times. Cloudflare
failure quite a few times. Cloudflare even mentions that they have attempted
even mentions that they have attempted
even mentions that they have attempted multiple times. And so what do you do
multiple times. And so what do you do
multiple times. And so what do you do with this just steaming hot pile of code
with this just steaming hot pile of code
with this just steaming hot pile of code that you've now been delivered? I don't
that you've now been delivered? I don't
that you've now been delivered? I don't know. There's a lot of just like weird
know. There's a lot of just like weird
know. There's a lot of just like weird world implications in this. We are
world implications in this. We are
world implications in this. We are seeing truly for the first time a major
seeing truly for the first time a major
seeing truly for the first time a major technology that's going to be used by a
technology that's going to be used by a
technology that's going to be used by a lot of people in which I don't think any
lot of people in which I don't think any
lot of people in which I don't think any individual can reason about what it's
individual can reason about what it's
individual can reason about what it's actually doing currently. The name
actually doing currently. The name
actually doing currently. The name well
I don't even have a joke. I don't I I
I don't even have a joke. I don't I I don't even have a joke to make. Okay.
don't even have a joke to make. Okay.
don't even have a joke to make. Okay. The name's the premigen. That's it.
The name's the premigen. That's it.
The name's the premigen. That's it. That's all I got for you. A gen. Hey, is
That's all I got for you. A gen. Hey, is
That's all I got for you. A gen. Hey, is that HTTP? Get that out of here. That's
that HTTP? Get that out of here. That's
that HTTP? Get that out of here. That's not how we order coffee. We order coffee
not how we order coffee. We order coffee
not how we order coffee. We order coffee via SSH terminal.shop. Yeah, you want a
via SSH terminal.shop. Yeah, you want a
via SSH terminal.shop. Yeah, you want a real experience. You want real coffee.
real experience. You want real coffee.
real experience. You want real coffee. You want awesome subscriptions so you
You want awesome subscriptions so you
You want awesome subscriptions so you never have to remember again? Oh, you
never have to remember again? Oh, you
never have to remember again? Oh, you want exclusive blends with exclusive
want exclusive blends with exclusive
want exclusive blends with exclusive coffee and exclusive [music] content?
coffee and exclusive [music] content?
coffee and exclusive [music] content? Then check out Cron. You don't know what
Then check out Cron. You don't know what
Then check out Cron. You don't know what SSH is?
SSH is?
SSH is? &gt;&gt; Well, maybe the coffee is not for you.
&gt;&gt; Well, maybe the coffee is not for you.
&gt;&gt; Well, maybe the coffee is not for you. [singing]
[singing]
[singing] &gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; in hand.
&gt;&gt; in hand.
&gt;&gt; in hand. Living the dream.