One of my favorite things to do is to One of my favorite things to do is to One of my favorite things to do is to buy weird devices and see if I can find buy weird devices and see if I can find buy weird devices and see if I can find vulnerabilities in them. You know, vulnerabilities in them. You know, vulnerabilities in them. You know, typically embedded devices tend to have typically embedded devices tend to have typically embedded devices tend to have the worst security. So, it's kind of a the worst security. So, it's kind of a the worst security. So, it's kind of a fun exercise in bug hunting. Now, what I fun exercise in bug hunting. Now, what I fun exercise in bug hunting. Now, what I want to show you today is the story of want to show you today is the story of want to show you today is the story of how I found several egregious how I found several egregious how I found several egregious vulnerabilities. And this device here on vulnerabilities. And this device here on vulnerabilities. And this device here on Teimu, you know, it's kind of fun. Go on Teimu, you know, it's kind of fun. Go on Teimu, you know, it's kind of fun. Go on T-Mo, you buy a $5 device and you see T-Mo, you buy a $5 device and you see T-Mo, you buy a $5 device and you see what you can do. Now, I want to what you can do. Now, I want to what you can do. Now, I want to highlight here uh that this not only was highlight here uh that this not only was highlight here uh that this not only was $30 and now it's only $5. There's 84% $30 and now it's only $5. There's 84% $30 and now it's only $5. There's 84% savings, but also it is the number one savings, but also it is the number one savings, but also it is the number one bestselling item on Teimu in Wi-Fi and bestselling item on Teimu in Wi-Fi and bestselling item on Teimu in Wi-Fi and networking with over a 100,000 sold. So, networking with over a 100,000 sold. So, networking with over a 100,000 sold. So, from a general security of the world from a general security of the world from a general security of the world perspective, not a great place to be. In perspective, not a great place to be. In perspective, not a great place to be. In this video, we're going to go into how I this video, we're going to go into how I this video, we're going to go into how I took the device apart, opened the took the device apart, opened the took the device apart, opened the firmware, and found some pretty firmware, and found some pretty firmware, and found some pretty egregious issues. And watch as my hair egregious issues. And watch as my hair egregious issues. And watch as my hair grows and I change my shirt. So, when grows and I change my shirt. So, when grows and I change my shirt. So, when you plug in this device and you navigate you plug in this device and you navigate you plug in this device and you navigate to the IP address for that thing, you'll to the IP address for that thing, you'll to the IP address for that thing, you'll see this interface. Now, a bad habit see this interface. Now, a bad habit see this interface. Now, a bad habit that I typically have when I audit a new that I typically have when I audit a new that I typically have when I audit a new uh weird embedded device is I typically uh weird embedded device is I typically uh weird embedded device is I typically try to put this little oneliner in here. try to put this little oneliner in here. try to put this little oneliner in here. And you'll see why this is bad. So, what And you'll see why this is bad. So, what And you'll see why this is bad. So, what I'm attempting here is my assumption is I'm attempting here is my assumption is I'm attempting here is my assumption is that it's a piece of trash embedded that it's a piece of trash embedded that it's a piece of trash embedded device and they're just passing this device and they're just passing this device and they're just passing this Wi-Fi password parameter to a system Wi-Fi password parameter to a system Wi-Fi password parameter to a system call and they're not sanitizing the call and they're not sanitizing the call and they're not sanitizing the input. A way that I can quickly validate input. A way that I can quickly validate input. A way that I can quickly validate that without pulling any of the firmware that without pulling any of the firmware that without pulling any of the firmware out of the device is by doing a reboot out of the device is by doing a reboot out of the device is by doing a reboot command injection by putting the dollar command injection by putting the dollar command injection by putting the dollar sign in these two brackets. It's a sign in these two brackets. It's a sign in these two brackets. It's a command injection, which means that command injection, which means that command injection, which means that it'll run an arbitrary system command if it'll run an arbitrary system command if it'll run an arbitrary system command if it's vulnerable. And the system command it's vulnerable. And the system command it's vulnerable. And the system command that I want to run is reboot. Now, what that I want to run is reboot. Now, what that I want to run is reboot. Now, what you'll see here is I go to restart the you'll see here is I go to restart the you'll see here is I go to restart the device, which is intentional, right? device, which is intentional, right? device, which is intentional, right? I've set the properties of the device. I've set the properties of the device. I've set the properties of the device. Uh, but we'll see here after a couple Uh, but we'll see here after a couple Uh, but we'll see here after a couple refreshes that uh it does not come back refreshes that uh it does not come back refreshes that uh it does not come back to life. What this means is I have to life. What this means is I have to life. What this means is I have rebooted the device in NVRAM. I put the rebooted the device in NVRAM. I put the rebooted the device in NVRAM. I put the password of the device in NV RAM and password of the device in NV RAM and password of the device in NV RAM and then every time it tries to come back then every time it tries to come back then every time it tries to come back up, it's pulling that password out from up, it's pulling that password out from up, it's pulling that password out from NV RAM and triggering a vulnerability, NV RAM and triggering a vulnerability, NV RAM and triggering a vulnerability, rebooting it. I have now soft bricked rebooting it. I have now soft bricked rebooting it. I have now soft bricked the device. But what's good about this the device. But what's good about this the device. But what's good about this actually led me to the next piece of the actually led me to the next piece of the actually led me to the next piece of the puzzle, which helped me get the firmware puzzle, which helped me get the firmware puzzle, which helped me get the firmware out of the device on accident. Now, when out of the device on accident. Now, when out of the device on accident. Now, when I typically do this to a device, what I I typically do this to a device, what I I typically do this to a device, what I like to do is go to the device and hold like to do is go to the device and hold like to do is go to the device and hold the reset button. If you hold it for the reset button. If you hold it for the reset button. If you hold it for long enough, what that typically does is long enough, what that typically does is long enough, what that typically does is it tells the device, "Hey, I want to it tells the device, "Hey, I want to it tells the device, "Hey, I want to reset to factory settings, and that will reset to factory settings, and that will reset to factory settings, and that will typically erase the malicious and VRAM typically erase the malicious and VRAM typically erase the malicious and VRAM that I put in there, and it should undo that I put in there, and it should undo that I put in there, and it should undo the soft brick that I did." When I was the soft brick that I did." When I was the soft brick that I did." When I was doing this myself, I held the reset doing this myself, I held the reset doing this myself, I held the reset button for 60 seconds, and this popped button for 60 seconds, and this popped button for 60 seconds, and this popped up. Now, you will notice that the IP up. Now, you will notice that the IP up. Now, you will notice that the IP address here changed. I had to kind of address here changed. I had to kind of address here changed. I had to kind of fight with it to get it to respond to fight with it to get it to respond to fight with it to get it to respond to me. I had to look in Wireshark to see if me. I had to look in Wireshark to see if me. I had to look in Wireshark to see if I was going to get any like random I was going to get any like random I was going to get any like random broadcast from a new IP address. But broadcast from a new IP address. But broadcast from a new IP address. But eventually I got to this breed web eventually I got to this breed web eventually I got to this breed web interface that showed a fairly low-level interface that showed a fairly low-level interface that showed a fairly low-level diagnostic of the board. It looks like diagnostic of the board. It looks like diagnostic of the board. It looks like the build date and like the git commit the build date and like the git commit the build date and like the git commit of the server or the software as well as of the server or the software as well as of the server or the software as well as the CPU and like the firmware on the the CPU and like the firmware on the the CPU and like the firmware on the thing. But if you do a quick little uh thing. But if you do a quick little uh thing. But if you do a quick little uh Chinese to English uh translation here, Chinese to English uh translation here, Chinese to English uh translation here, the one thing that caught my eye as a the one thing that caught my eye as a the one thing that caught my eye as a vulnerability researcher is firmware vulnerability researcher is firmware vulnerability researcher is firmware backup. Now to me, this meant one of two backup. Now to me, this meant one of two backup. Now to me, this meant one of two things. Either I was able to upload new things. Either I was able to upload new things. Either I was able to upload new firmware, which is good, or I was able firmware, which is good, or I was able firmware, which is good, or I was able to download the firmware, which is even to download the firmware, which is even to download the firmware, which is even better. And luckily, if I press the better. And luckily, if I press the better. And luckily, if I press the programmer firmware button, I can programmer firmware button, I can programmer firmware button, I can download the entire system full.bin. download the entire system full.bin. download the entire system full.bin. You'll see I've done this other times You'll see I've done this other times You'll see I've done this other times for previous takes of the video. Uh, but for previous takes of the video. Uh, but for previous takes of the video. Uh, but I'm able to download the firmware for I'm able to download the firmware for I'm able to download the firmware for the device, which is great. A lot of the the device, which is great. A lot of the the device, which is great. A lot of the times that you have to do is like times that you have to do is like times that you have to do is like desolder a chip off the board, for desolder a chip off the board, for desolder a chip off the board, for example, like maybe like a a flash chip example, like maybe like a a flash chip example, like maybe like a a flash chip like one of these, and then put it into like one of these, and then put it into like one of these, and then put it into a flash reader. Maybe there's some weird a flash reader. Maybe there's some weird a flash reader. Maybe there's some weird like locking going on. The ability to like locking going on. The ability to like locking going on. The ability to just download the firmware automatically just download the firmware automatically just download the firmware automatically like this is super cool. So, what we can like this is super cool. So, what we can like this is super cool. So, what we can actually do now is go into our downloads actually do now is go into our downloads actually do now is go into our downloads here. Let's go to downloads and we can here. Let's go to downloads and we can here. Let's go to downloads and we can do a little bin. Binwalk uh recursive do a little bin. Binwalk uh recursive do a little bin. Binwalk uh recursive extraction of full 2.bin. extraction of full 2.bin. extraction of full 2.bin. And what we should get at a certain And what we should get at a certain And what we should get at a certain level is the file system for the device. level is the file system for the device. level is the file system for the device. Typically, these things contain file Typically, these things contain file Typically, these things contain file system. So, if I go into extractions system. So, if I go into extractions system. So, if I go into extractions here and I go to the SquashFest route, here and I go to the SquashFest route, here and I go to the SquashFest route, I now have the entire file system for I now have the entire file system for I now have the entire file system for the device. This is great. Now, after the device. This is great. Now, after the device. This is great. Now, after resetting the device, getting it back to resetting the device, getting it back to resetting the device, getting it back to its normal configuration, doing a its normal configuration, doing a its normal configuration, doing a factory reset, I'm back into the device. factory reset, I'm back into the device. factory reset, I'm back into the device. So, now the question is like, where do So, now the question is like, where do So, now the question is like, where do we go from here? We have the firmware we go from here? We have the firmware we go from here? We have the firmware over here on this tab, and I have like over here on this tab, and I have like over here on this tab, and I have like the web interface on this tab. What when the web interface on this tab. What when the web interface on this tab. What when we're doing research on this thing, what we're doing research on this thing, what we're doing research on this thing, what do we do? Well, what I'm interested in do we do? Well, what I'm interested in do we do? Well, what I'm interested in is vulnerabilities that arise from a is vulnerabilities that arise from a is vulnerabilities that arise from a user sending data to a server somewhere user sending data to a server somewhere user sending data to a server somewhere and there being a vulnerability in that and there being a vulnerability in that and there being a vulnerability in that server. The server we have access to server. The server we have access to server. The server we have access to right now is the web server. So, let's right now is the web server. So, let's right now is the web server. So, let's see if we can identify maybe some see if we can identify maybe some see if we can identify maybe some methods that we can use to trace in the methods that we can use to trace in the methods that we can use to trace in the firmware where this data is processed. firmware where this data is processed. firmware where this data is processed. Typically, I like to go to the network Typically, I like to go to the network Typically, I like to go to the network tab and when I reload a page, I see like tab and when I reload a page, I see like tab and when I reload a page, I see like are there any strings that pop out as are there any strings that pop out as are there any strings that pop out as something that may be uh custom or something that may be uh custom or something that may be uh custom or something that may be interesting. The something that may be interesting. The something that may be interesting. The first thing you may see very obviously first thing you may see very obviously first thing you may see very obviously pretty quickly is this post request to pretty quickly is this post request to pretty quickly is this post request to this protocol.csp this protocol.csp this protocol.csp fname equals net option equals wizard fname equals net option equals wizard fname equals net option equals wizard config. There's a bunch of it looks like config. There's a bunch of it looks like config. There's a bunch of it looks like custom stuff going to this protocol.csp custom stuff going to this protocol.csp custom stuff going to this protocol.csp function. So what I'm going to do now is function. So what I'm going to do now is function. So what I'm going to do now is go into the root directory and just grap go into the root directory and just grap go into the root directory and just grap around for protocol.csp. Maybe there's a around for protocol.csp. Maybe there's a around for protocol.csp. Maybe there's a binary name to this. And pretty quickly binary name to this. And pretty quickly binary name to this. And pretty quickly we see that we have an etsy we see that we have an etsy we see that we have an etsy lightyroxy.com lightyroxy.com lightyroxy.com and we could see what's going on in and we could see what's going on in and we could see what's going on in here. So, what this means is that every here. So, what this means is that every here. So, what this means is that every request that goes to this protocol that request that goes to this protocol that request that goes to this protocol that CSP, we go to an internal port 81. CSP, we go to an internal port 81. CSP, we go to an internal port 81. Interesting. That's not super Interesting. That's not super Interesting. That's not super interesting, though, because I don't interesting, though, because I don't interesting, though, because I don't really know right now what binary binds really know right now what binary binds really know right now what binary binds to port 81. So, let's see if there are to port 81. So, let's see if there are to port 81. So, let's see if there are any other strings near that are any other strings near that are any other strings near that are interesting. What about wizard comp? interesting. What about wizard comp? interesting. What about wizard comp? Let's see if we can copy that value and Let's see if we can copy that value and Let's see if we can copy that value and do the same kind of thing. Again, we're do the same kind of thing. Again, we're do the same kind of thing. Again, we're literally just doing searches for literally just doing searches for literally just doing searches for strings because the strings, we see them strings because the strings, we see them strings because the strings, we see them in the request, so they kind of have to in the request, so they kind of have to in the request, so they kind of have to exist on the system. And pretty quickly, exist on the system. And pretty quickly, exist on the system. And pretty quickly, we see they exist in two places. one the we see they exist in two places. one the we see they exist in two places. one the router.js JS which gets served to us and router.js JS which gets served to us and router.js JS which gets served to us and we use it to talk to the device. But we use it to talk to the device. But we use it to talk to the device. But more importantly this user espin commuos more importantly this user espin commuos more importantly this user espin commuos little little communism reference in little little communism reference in little little communism reference in there kind of interesting. Uh so what we there kind of interesting. Uh so what we there kind of interesting. Uh so what we can do now is use this comm binary. We can do now is use this comm binary. We can do now is use this comm binary. We can put it into a decompilation and can put it into a decompilation and can put it into a decompilation and analysis framework and maybe find some analysis framework and maybe find some analysis framework and maybe find some weird vulnerabilities. Let's go try that weird vulnerabilities. Let's go try that weird vulnerabilities. Let's go try that out right now. And what I've done is out right now. And what I've done is out right now. And what I've done is I've opened this com binary. The binary I've opened this com binary. The binary I've opened this com binary. The binary literally hosts the web server on our literally hosts the web server on our literally hosts the web server on our device. I put it into gedra. GEDra is a device. I put it into gedra. GEDra is a device. I put it into gedra. GEDra is a reverse engineering and decompilation reverse engineering and decompilation reverse engineering and decompilation and disassembly framework. So we kind of and disassembly framework. So we kind of and disassembly framework. So we kind of have two main columns here if you're new have two main columns here if you're new have two main columns here if you're new to this world. Basically here in the to this world. Basically here in the to this world. Basically here in the middle we have the assembly, the machine middle we have the assembly, the machine middle we have the assembly, the machine code that is being run on the device code that is being run on the device code that is being run on the device when this binary operates. And then on when this binary operates. And then on when this binary operates. And then on the right we have the decompilation. The the right we have the decompilation. The the right we have the decompilation. The decompilation is Gedra's best guess at decompilation is Gedra's best guess at decompilation is Gedra's best guess at what the C code looked like for the what the C code looked like for the what the C code looked like for the device. I'm zoom in a little bit here to device. I'm zoom in a little bit here to device. I'm zoom in a little bit here to see if I can make it bigger for you see if I can make it bigger for you see if I can make it bigger for you guys. And so what we have to do now is guys. And so what we have to do now is guys. And so what we have to do now is figure out, okay, where do these figure out, okay, where do these figure out, okay, where do these parameters that are getting put into the parameters that are getting put into the parameters that are getting put into the program get parsed? How do we know what program get parsed? How do we know what program get parsed? How do we know what they do? And can we find maybe either they do? And can we find maybe either they do? And can we find maybe either other hidden features like back doors or other hidden features like back doors or other hidden features like back doors or vulnerabilities in this program that we vulnerabilities in this program that we vulnerabilities in this program that we can exploit for this device? So we can can exploit for this device? So we can can exploit for this device? So we can do now is go to the defined strings. do now is go to the defined strings. do now is go to the defined strings. Let's just search for this wizard Let's just search for this wizard Let's just search for this wizard string, right? And we can see pretty string, right? And we can see pretty string, right? And we can see pretty quickly Gedra has found the wizard quickly Gedra has found the wizard quickly Gedra has found the wizard config string right here. Now you'll config string right here. Now you'll config string right here. Now you'll notice there is a cross reference to notice there is a cross reference to notice there is a cross reference to this and it exists inside of what looks this and it exists inside of what looks this and it exists inside of what looks like a table. This is a table because like a table. This is a table because like a table. This is a table because there is a series of pointers to strings there is a series of pointers to strings there is a series of pointers to strings and then after the pointer to string and then after the pointer to string and then after the pointer to string there is a pointer to a function. Now it there is a pointer to a function. Now it there is a pointer to a function. Now it may be the case that this is just a may be the case that this is just a may be the case that this is just a lookup table. If I go to the wizard lookup table. If I go to the wizard lookup table. If I go to the wizard string config right there, this wizard string config right there, this wizard string config right there, this wizard config string, I'm going to run this config string, I'm going to run this config string, I'm going to run this function. What we can do to kind of function. What we can do to kind of function. What we can do to kind of validate this assumption is go into validate this assumption is go into validate this assumption is go into Gedra's decompilation of it and then Gedra's decompilation of it and then Gedra's decompilation of it and then maybe read what it does. we can read maybe read what it does. we can read maybe read what it does. we can read some of the strings inside of this. We some of the strings inside of this. We some of the strings inside of this. We have some function on this work mode have some function on this work mode have some function on this work mode string, some function on this WAN mode string, some function on this WAN mode string, some function on this WAN mode string, and then compare this to string, and then compare this to string, and then compare this to reality, right? If we compare this to reality, right? If we compare this to reality, right? If we compare this to the other, you know, like pieces of data the other, you know, like pieces of data the other, you know, like pieces of data in this request, maybe we can see if in this request, maybe we can see if in this request, maybe we can see if this is like what's actually going on. this is like what's actually going on. this is like what's actually going on. So, as I was going through all of the So, as I was going through all of the So, as I was going through all of the available options we have, all the available options we have, all the available options we have, all the available commands that we have here, available commands that we have here, available commands that we have here, this one caught my eye. So, you see this this one caught my eye. So, you see this this one caught my eye. So, you see this is time config, right? This is likely is time config, right? This is likely is time config, right? This is likely what we can use to configure the time of what we can use to configure the time of what we can use to configure the time of the device. But if you go into here and the device. But if you go into here and the device. But if you go into here and start to read some of the code, you may start to read some of the code, you may start to read some of the code, you may uh if you have any experience in this uh if you have any experience in this uh if you have any experience in this world, uh immediately see a variety of world, uh immediately see a variety of world, uh immediately see a variety of issues. So first of all, we have this issues. So first of all, we have this issues. So first of all, we have this statically defined user buffer. I'm statically defined user buffer. I'm statically defined user buffer. I'm going to call this uh time buff for a going to call this uh time buff for a going to call this uh time buff for a reason you'll see here in a second. We reason you'll see here in a second. We reason you'll see here in a second. We take some data that likely comes out of take some data that likely comes out of take some data that likely comes out of the time variable. You'll see we have the time variable. You'll see we have the time variable. You'll see we have the time string here. We have to set the time string here. We have to set the time string here. We have to set this data to be a string for it to this data to be a string for it to this data to be a string for it to resolve properly. Right? we have some resolve properly. Right? we have some resolve properly. Right? we have some function of time from param 2 which is function of time from param 2 which is function of time from param 2 which is going to be likely our request. So if going to be likely our request. So if going to be likely our request. So if this is the function that we use, if this is the function that we use, if this is the function that we use, if this is us pulling all these little this is us pulling all these little this is us pulling all these little extra pieces out of this request, right? extra pieces out of this request, right? extra pieces out of this request, right? We have function equals get math all of We have function equals get math all of We have function equals get math all of these parameters in the URL. If that is these parameters in the URL. If that is these parameters in the URL. If that is how we assume that this is being ran, we how we assume that this is being ran, we how we assume that this is being ran, we can assume that this is pulling the time can assume that this is pulling the time can assume that this is pulling the time parameter out of the URL. And this makes parameter out of the URL. And this makes parameter out of the URL. And this makes sense, right? Because the time parameter sense, right? Because the time parameter sense, right? Because the time parameter is likely what we're going to need to is likely what we're going to need to is likely what we're going to need to configure the time. This is the time configure the time. This is the time configure the time. This is the time comp function. So I'm going to name this comp function. So I'm going to name this comp function. So I'm going to name this time comp. And I'm going to call this time comp. And I'm going to call this time comp. And I'm going to call this little function here uh get param. little function here uh get param. little function here uh get param. Right? So we have get param from the Right? So we have get param from the Right? So we have get param from the request s sprintf that into the time request s sprintf that into the time request s sprintf that into the time buffer date s. So we're going to set the buffer date s. So we're going to set the buffer date s. So we're going to set the date to our little input and then do date to our little input and then do date to our little input and then do system command on that time buffer. Now system command on that time buffer. Now system command on that time buffer. Now this is a wrapper for system. So what we this is a wrapper for system. So what we this is a wrapper for system. So what we could assume is that this is going to could assume is that this is going to could assume is that this is going to properly sanitize the input. But like properly sanitize the input. But like properly sanitize the input. But like any good hacker, we're going to uh we're any good hacker, we're going to uh we're any good hacker, we're going to uh we're going to test that assumption. Right? So going to test that assumption. Right? So going to test that assumption. Right? So what we can do to test this is literally what we can do to test this is literally what we can do to test this is literally just write the command ourselves. So just write the command ourselves. So just write the command ourselves. So curl 192.16811.1 curl 192.16811.1 curl 192.16811.1 protocol.csp protocol.csp protocol.csp it was um fname equals net from that it was um fname equals net from that it was um fname equals net from that first request here and we want to do and first request here and we want to do and first request here and we want to do and opt equals time comp and the time is opt equals time comp and the time is opt equals time comp and the time is equal to let's just do garbage for right equal to let's just do garbage for right equal to let's just do garbage for right now and there was some random math now and there was some random math now and there was some random math variable that maybe like their bad variable that maybe like their bad variable that maybe like their bad attempt at a CSRF or like a seed. So attempt at a CSRF or like a seed. So attempt at a CSRF or like a seed. So we're just going to steal that for right we're just going to steal that for right we're just going to steal that for right now. And then the function is equal to now. And then the function is equal to now. And then the function is equal to it was get, right? I did some more it was get, right? I did some more it was get, right? I did some more reading and there's actually it does a reading and there's actually it does a reading and there's actually it does a compare on get or set and it's going to compare on get or set and it's going to compare on get or set and it's going to return that. And we have to actually be return that. And we have to actually be return that. And we have to actually be doing a set operation to get into this doing a set operation to get into this doing a set operation to get into this function. Right? So what we can do is do function. Right? So what we can do is do function. Right? So what we can do is do set for this. I'm going to wrap this in set for this. I'm going to wrap this in set for this. I'm going to wrap this in a single quote because I want to do a a single quote because I want to do a a single quote because I want to do a command injection at some point and I command injection at some point and I command injection at some point and I don't want to command inject myself. And don't want to command inject myself. And don't want to command inject myself. And you'll see that it says set error equal you'll see that it says set error equal you'll see that it says set error equal to zero which means that we set them the to zero which means that we set them the to zero which means that we set them the the date equal to asf asf. What we can the date equal to asf asf. What we can the date equal to asf asf. What we can do now is actually test does our command do now is actually test does our command do now is actually test does our command injection work? Do we have the ability injection work? Do we have the ability injection work? Do we have the ability to run arbitrary commands through just to run arbitrary commands through just to run arbitrary commands through just the use of a simple reboot? And you'll the use of a simple reboot? And you'll the use of a simple reboot? And you'll see first it says error zero and the see first it says error zero and the see first it says error zero and the second time the command hangs because second time the command hangs because second time the command hangs because the device has rebooted. Right? We have the device has rebooted. Right? We have the device has rebooted. Right? We have turned the device on and off and now we turned the device on and off and now we turned the device on and off and now we can no longer connect to the device. So can no longer connect to the device. So can no longer connect to the device. So we can run arbitrary commands on this we can run arbitrary commands on this we can run arbitrary commands on this device. But but that's not cool. That's device. But but that's not cool. That's device. But but that's not cool. That's not cool enough. We want to get a shell not cool enough. We want to get a shell not cool enough. We want to get a shell on this device. I want to have access to on this device. I want to have access to on this device. I want to have access to this device via the command line. So this device via the command line. So this device via the command line. So what can we do? So going back to our um what can we do? So going back to our um what can we do? So going back to our um our firmware image here, we can see all our firmware image here, we can see all our firmware image here, we can see all of the binaries that are on the device. of the binaries that are on the device. of the binaries that are on the device. And you'll see pretty quickly that we And you'll see pretty quickly that we And you'll see pretty quickly that we have the lovely tnetd. So user espin tn have the lovely tnetd. So user espin tn have the lovely tnetd. So user espin tn netd is a binary that we can use to netd is a binary that we can use to netd is a binary that we can use to basically run any other binary on any basically run any other binary on any basically run any other binary on any other port, right? Assuming there are no other port, right? Assuming there are no other port, right? Assuming there are no firewall rules in place. And so what we firewall rules in place. And so what we firewall rules in place. And so what we can do to uh mess with that guy is first can do to uh mess with that guy is first can do to uh mess with that guy is first of all I got to reset my network of all I got to reset my network of all I got to reset my network interface. And then now we can update interface. And then now we can update interface. And then now we can update our our exploit to actually set up the our our exploit to actually set up the our our exploit to actually set up the right thing. So what I want to do is right thing. So what I want to do is right thing. So what I want to do is user sbin tn netd. So first of all we're user sbin tn netd. So first of all we're user sbin tn netd. So first of all we're putting this IFS separator to to emulate putting this IFS separator to to emulate putting this IFS separator to to emulate a space on the device cuz sometimes uh a space on the device cuz sometimes uh a space on the device cuz sometimes uh in HTTP the spaces will get escaped in HTTP the spaces will get escaped in HTTP the spaces will get escaped weirdly. We want to do -ps on port 444. weirdly. We want to do -ps on port 444. weirdly. We want to do -ps on port 444. And then we want to set the um the login And then we want to set the um the login And then we want to set the um the login binary to be uh bin ash I believe is the binary to be uh bin ash I believe is the binary to be uh bin ash I believe is the the shell that we have. So now if I do the shell that we have. So now if I do the shell that we have. So now if I do netcat 192168 netcat 192168 netcat 192168 uh 1114444 uh 1114444 uh 1114444 I don't have a shell. Okay, let's try I don't have a shell. Okay, let's try I don't have a shell. Okay, let's try again. Hold on. Before we do that again. Hold on. Before we do that again. Hold on. Before we do that though, I want to get a little more though, I want to get a little more though, I want to get a little more insight into what's actually going on in insight into what's actually going on in insight into what's actually going on in the device. Like what is what is the the device. Like what is what is the the device. Like what is what is the process list? What does the environment process list? What does the environment process list? What does the environment look like? Luckily, we have command look like? Luckily, we have command look like? Luckily, we have command execution on the device and we can run execution on the device and we can run execution on the device and we can run those commands. There's just nowhere to those commands. There's just nowhere to those commands. There's just nowhere to really put that data. Well, sort of. If really put that data. Well, sort of. If really put that data. Well, sort of. If we actually go to the uh the file system we actually go to the uh the file system we actually go to the uh the file system here, we're going to go to the config here, we're going to go to the config here, we're going to go to the config file for Etsy lighty and we're going to file for Etsy lighty and we're going to file for Etsy lighty and we're going to cat the lighty config. You'll see that cat the lighty config. You'll see that cat the lighty config. You'll see that we're actually serving data from the we're actually serving data from the we're actually serving data from the webs directory for this device. Well, webs directory for this device. Well, webs directory for this device. Well, there actually there are two instances there actually there are two instances there actually there are two instances running of this. But you'll see that we running of this. But you'll see that we running of this. But you'll see that we have one of them is a writable folder have one of them is a writable folder have one of them is a writable folder that's called /webs. Let's see if I can that's called /webs. Let's see if I can that's called /webs. Let's see if I can find it here. Do this and then grab find it here. Do this and then grab find it here. Do this and then grab webs. So server document route for this webs. So server document route for this webs. So server document route for this instance of lighty is called /webs. What instance of lighty is called /webs. What instance of lighty is called /webs. What we can actually do now is run this cute we can actually do now is run this cute we can actually do now is run this cute little thing where we do ps and we just little thing where we do ps and we just little thing where we do ps and we just take the process list and write it to take the process list and write it to take the process list and write it to web/he hehe and because that's the web/he hehe and because that's the web/he hehe and because that's the document route for our server now we can document route for our server now we can document route for our server now we can just curl he he and bada bing bada boom just curl he he and bada bing bada boom just curl he he and bada bing bada boom we get the process list so we can see a we get the process list so we can see a we get the process list so we can see a bunch of stuff going on we can see that bunch of stuff going on we can see that bunch of stuff going on we can see that we have the lighty running with that we have the lighty running with that we have the lighty running with that instance of the config that gives us instance of the config that gives us instance of the config that gives us access to the webs folder we have a drop access to the webs folder we have a drop access to the webs folder we have a drop bear server we have tnet running what I bear server we have tnet running what I bear server we have tnet running what I want to run though is my own version of want to run though is my own version of want to run though is my own version of the tnet server. I want to get in there the tnet server. I want to get in there the tnet server. I want to get in there and I want to, you know, run my Tnet and I want to, you know, run my Tnet and I want to, you know, run my Tnet server to give me a shell on device. server to give me a shell on device. server to give me a shell on device. Now, after a while, I was messing with Now, after a while, I was messing with Now, after a while, I was messing with this curl command that uses the command this curl command that uses the command this curl command that uses the command injection to run TNETD. And with TNETD, injection to run TNETD. And with TNETD, injection to run TNETD. And with TNETD, you can specify a port number and a you can specify a port number and a you can specify a port number and a login program to use in place of bin login program to use in place of bin login program to use in place of bin login. And if you can just set binsh, login. And if you can just set binsh, login. And if you can just set binsh, you can use that as basically a bind you can use that as basically a bind you can use that as basically a bind shell. Now, the problem is I had a shell. Now, the problem is I had a shell. Now, the problem is I had a couple issues where it would run, but it couple issues where it would run, but it couple issues where it would run, but it didn't actually run the command. And I didn't actually run the command. And I didn't actually run the command. And I think something is either wrong with think something is either wrong with think something is either wrong with TNETD where it doesn't allow for IFS or TNETD where it doesn't allow for IFS or TNETD where it doesn't allow for IFS or there's some issue with this. But what I there's some issue with this. But what I there's some issue with this. But what I did find after a little bit of searching did find after a little bit of searching did find after a little bit of searching is a nice little program on the device is a nice little program on the device is a nice little program on the device that's called /webs/cgibin/upload.cgi, which is what you're using to actually which is what you're using to actually which is what you're using to actually upload a temporary piece of firmware upload a temporary piece of firmware upload a temporary piece of firmware before you do a firmware update on the before you do a firmware update on the before you do a firmware update on the device. The reason I know this is by device. The reason I know this is by device. The reason I know this is by doing a simple strings on the device or doing a simple strings on the device or doing a simple strings on the device or on the upload.ci, CGI. You'll see that on the upload.ci, CGI. You'll see that on the upload.ci, CGI. You'll see that it writes the file out to temp temp it writes the file out to temp temp it writes the file out to temp temp firmware. And so you can actually use uh firmware. And so you can actually use uh firmware. And so you can actually use uh curl to do a file upload using the exact curl to do a file upload using the exact curl to do a file upload using the exact process they use this multi-art form process they use this multi-art form process they use this multi-art form data by doing file equals at and then data by doing file equals at and then data by doing file equals at and then the name of the file. Right? So you can the name of the file. Right? So you can the name of the file. Right? So you can literally do that and point it to that literally do that and point it to that literally do that and point it to that URL. And in doing that you will get URL. And in doing that you will get URL. And in doing that you will get upload.cgi to ingest the script and put upload.cgi to ingest the script and put upload.cgi to ingest the script and put it on temp firmware. And what you can it on temp firmware. And what you can it on temp firmware. And what you can actually see here is if we do a uh ls of actually see here is if we do a uh ls of actually see here is if we do a uh ls of um of temp and we get hehei, you will um of temp and we get hehei, you will um of temp and we get hehei, you will see that this temp firmware file see that this temp firmware file see that this temp firmware file actually exists now. It's now on the actually exists now. It's now on the actually exists now. It's now on the device, which is crazy. So now all we device, which is crazy. So now all we device, which is crazy. So now all we have to do is do a little bit of a a have to do is do a little bit of a a have to do is do a little bit of a a commod plus x to make the file commod plus x to make the file commod plus x to make the file executable. We will commod plus exit and executable. We will commod plus exit and executable. We will commod plus exit and we'll do just the temp firmware run. we'll do just the temp firmware run. we'll do just the temp firmware run. We're going to run the temp firmware We're going to run the temp firmware We're going to run the temp firmware file which has a script. Oh, I didn't file which has a script. Oh, I didn't file which has a script. Oh, I didn't show you the script. Uh yeah, the script show you the script. Uh yeah, the script show you the script. Uh yeah, the script that I wrote uh by the way is uh that I wrote uh by the way is uh that I wrote uh by the way is uh scripts.sh, which literally just enables scripts.sh, which literally just enables scripts.sh, which literally just enables a telnet D server as I want it to run, a telnet D server as I want it to run, a telnet D server as I want it to run, right? So it runs a script as bin ash right? So it runs a script as bin ash right? So it runs a script as bin ash and it runs user spin tnet d b b b b b b and it runs user spin tnet d b b b b b b and it runs user spin tnet d b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b b bin aash port b b b b b b b b b b b b b bin aash port b b b b b b b b b b b b b bin aash port 4444. And you can see this all works 4444. And you can see this all works 4444. And you can see this all works together. If we simply just go here and together. If we simply just go here and together. If we simply just go here and do a little netcat 192.16811 4444, bada do a little netcat 192.16811 4444, bada do a little netcat 192.16811 4444, bada bing, bada boom, we're root, baby. This bing, bada boom, we're root, baby. This bing, bada boom, we're root, baby. This is VR, guys. This is the world of is VR, guys. This is the world of is VR, guys. This is the world of acquiring weird little devices off of acquiring weird little devices off of acquiring weird little devices off of Teimu, taking them apart and seeing what Teimu, taking them apart and seeing what Teimu, taking them apart and seeing what issues we can find. Let's talk issues we can find. Let's talk issues we can find. Let's talk responsible disclosure, right? I have responsible disclosure, right? I have responsible disclosure, right? I have tried very hard to identify what company tried very hard to identify what company tried very hard to identify what company makes this device. I cannot ID one. So, makes this device. I cannot ID one. So, makes this device. I cannot ID one. So, this is a bug that I could not find this is a bug that I could not find this is a bug that I could not find anyone to tell about. So, now I'm anyone to tell about. So, now I'm anyone to tell about. So, now I'm telling you guys. Okay, awesome. All telling you guys. Okay, awesome. All telling you guys. Okay, awesome. All right, guys. If you enjoyed this, do me right, guys. If you enjoyed this, do me right, guys. If you enjoyed this, do me a favor. Go check out Stack Smash. It's a favor. Go check out Stack Smash. It's a favor. Go check out Stack Smash. It's my community where I teach people how to my community where I teach people how to my community where I teach people how to do stuff like this to not only figure do stuff like this to not only figure do stuff like this to not only figure out how to hack, how to make the world a out how to hack, how to make the world a out how to hack, how to make the world a safer place, but software security. And safer place, but software security. And safer place, but software security. And if you like this channel, then hit hit if you like this channel, then hit hit if you like this channel, then hit hit that sub button over there. It's right that sub button over there. It's right that sub button over there. It's right it's down there somewhere. Uh we'll see it's down there somewhere. Uh we'll see it's down there somewhere. Uh we'll see you in the next one. Take care. Goodbye.